https://www.foxnews.com/entertainment/hollywood-exec-pocketed-more-than-1-7m-in-coronavirus-ppp-funds-authorities-say|10 hours ago|Hollywood exec pocketed more than $1.7M in coronavirus PPP funds, authorities say|A former studio executive has been with pocketing more than $1.7 million in relief funds and using the money to pay off his credit card debt and other personal expenses, federal prosecutors said Friday. William Sadleir, 66, of Beverly Hills, Calif., the former chairman and chief executive officer of Aviron Pictures, faces federal charges of wire , bank fraud, making false statements to a financial institution, and making false statements to the Small Business Administration, the said. The complaint, filed Thursday in the Central District of California, alleges Sadleir filed forgivable bank loan applications seeking more than $1.7 million under the . The federal program was implemented to help small businesses stay afloat amid the COVID-19 crisis that has shattered the global . “This film producer allegedly made a series of misrepresentations to a bank and the Small Business Administration to illegally secure taxpayer money that he then used to fund his nearly empty personal bank account,” U.S. Attorney Nick Hanna of the Central District of California said in a statement. Federal prosecutors alleged Sadleir submitted three applications to JP Morgan Chase for loans under the PPP on behalf of Aviron entities. The applications were filed under the guise that the funds would be used to support payroll and other business-related expenses, prosecutors said. Instead, Sadleir transferred some of the money to his personal bank account and used it to pay off $80,000 in personal credit card debt, a $40,000 car loan and other expenses, the complaint said. “This defendant allegedly used Paycheck Protection Program loans to pay off his personal credit card debts and other personal expenses, rather than using the funds for legitimate business needs,” said Brian Benczkowski, assistant attorney general of the DOJ's Criminal Division. The funds are part of the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security (CARES) Act, which was approved in March to aid Americans and small businesses suffering financial hardship amid the pandemic. The $349 billion allocated was exhausted in less than two weeks after the SBA approved 1.7 million loans. In April, an additional $300 billion in PPP funding was approved by Congress. “These funds were designed to be a lifeline to businesses struggling to stay afloat during the current crisis,” FBI Assistant Director in Charge Paul Delacourt said in a statement. Sadleir left Aviron Pictures in January following a lawsuit alleging impropriety in the company structure. Federal prosecutors said they were told that he had no role in Aviron Pictures -- a subsidiary --or related entities, according to . A separate alleged he defrauded investors of $14 million to pay for his Beverly Hills residence.
https://www.foxnews.com/media/barstool-dave-portnoy-i-dont-trust-fauci|11 hours ago|Barstool Sports founder Portnoy says 'I don't trust' Fauci: 'He's on different sides depending on the day'|Barstool Sports founder Dave Portnoy joined " " Friday to discuss his recent profane rant against National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases chief Dr. . "I don't mean to pile on Fauci, but we are making very important decisions based on what he's saying," Portnoy told host Tucker Carlson, "and I think it's OK to say 'I really don't know, guys'. "But I get the feeling if you asked him this question, or 'What does one plus one equal?' you're going to get seven different answers." Portnoy's Friday diatribe was in response to a CNBC interview in which Fauci admitted Americans "can't stay locked down for such a considerable period of time [or risk] irreparable damage and have unintended consequences including consequences for health." "He thinks we should start opening the country. What the f--k are we talking about? This is my whole point," Portnoy said on Instagram. He later added that Fauci should "pick a [expletive] side or at least say you don't know." "I was taken off-guard," the man known as "El Presidente" told Carlson. "I thought I was taking crazy pills for a second. Last week, Portnoy went on a similar rant that emphasized that small business owners shouldn’t have to start over because of coronavirus-related shutdowns and guidelines. "I think at this point, you let people -- individuals -- make decisions for themselves," he told Carlson Friday. "The only thing, as I said before, that we absolutely know for certain is if you continue the quarantine, tons of people are going to lose their livelihoods." In states like Pennsylvania, New Jersey, Illinois, California and New York, much of the population remains under strict lockdowns that have shuttered businesses and risked the livelihoods of those who own or work at them. "Listen, Fauci may be the nicest guy in the world, but he said wear masks [then] don't wear masks. He said the lockdown may go on indefinitely [then] we have to end the lockdown," Portnoy said. "It's tough to put that much stake in what he's saying when I just don't think he knows." "Right now, I don't trust what he says, I don't know how anybody could," he concluded. "I don't know if it's intentional, I just honestly think this thing moves. There [are] videos of Fauci all through this, he's on different sides depending on the day, depending on the mood, we are making seemingly life-changing decisions for other people based on facts that are clearly not facts."
https://www.foxnews.com/world/lockdown-measures-prevented-children-receiving-preventive-vaccines|11 hours ago|Lockdown measures have kept nearly 80 million children from receiving preventive vaccines|The pandemic has resulted in stay-at-home orders that are putting young children at risk of contracting measles, polio and diphtheria, according to a report released Friday by the (WHO). Routine childhood immunizations in at least 68 countries have been put on hold due to the unprecedented spread of COVID-19 worldwide, making children under the age of one more vulnerable. More than half of 129 counties, where immunization data was readily available, reported moderate, severe or total suspensions of vaccinations during March and April. “Immunization is one of the most powerful and fundamental disease prevention tools in the history of public health,” said WHO Director-General Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus. “Disruption to immunization programs from the COVID-19 pandemic threatens to unwind decades of progress against vaccine-preventable diseases like measles.” The has reported the reasons for reduced immunization rates vary. Some parents are afraid to leave the house due to travel restrictions relating to the coronavirus, whereas a lack of information regarding the importance of immunization remains a problem in some places. Health workers are also less available because of COVID-19 restrictions. The , the (UNICEF) and also contributed to the report. Experts are worried that worldwide immunization rates, which have progressed since the 1970s, are now being threatened. “More children in more countries are now protected against more vaccine-preventable diseases than at any point in history,” said Gavi CEO Dr. Seth Berkley. “Due to COVID-19 this immense progress is now under threat.” UNICEF has also reported a delay in vaccine deliveries because of coronavirus restrictions and is now “appealing to governments, the private sector, the airline industry, and others, to free up freight space at an affordable cost for these life-saving vaccines.” Experts say that children need to receive their vaccines by the age of 2. And in the case of polio, 90 percent of the population need to be immunized in order to wipe out the disease. Polio is already making a comeback in some parts of the world, with more than a dozen African countries reporting polio outbreaks this year. “We cannot let our fight against one disease come at the expense of long-term progress in our fight against other diseases,” said UNICEF’s Executive Director Henrietta Fore. “We have effective vaccines against measles, polio and cholera," she said. "While circumstances may require us to temporarily pause some immunization efforts, these immunizations must restart as soon as possible or we risk exchanging one deadly outbreak for another.”
https://www.foxnews.com/media/kellyanne-conway-trump-house-of-worship-essential|12 hours ago|Conway says Trump's decree that houses of worship are essential is 'correcting an injustice'|Counselor to the president Kellyanne Conway told " " Friday that President Trump's declaration that houses of worship are "essential" during the was an effort to fix an issue in states where such facilities have been shuttered for weeks. "He [Trump] said he was correcting an injustice, that is an important phrase, because we haven't been treating every institution the same," she said. "And those protected activities [like] the right to worship deserves heightened scrutiny." Conway pointed out that residents of some states are allowed to a convenience store to purchase their "Doritos and Cheetos" but cannot attend religious services. Earlier Friday, Trump called on governors to allow houses of worship to open “right now”. "The governors need to do the right thing and allow these very important essential places of faith to open ... for this weekend," the president said. "If they don't do it, I will override the governors." "In America, we need more prayer not less," Trump added. In Conway's home state of New Jersey, if Gov. Philip Murphy, a Democrat, doesn't allow their congregations to open. Conway clarified on "The Story" that no one at the White House or Centers for Disease Control and Prevention is calling for people to hug or use the same hymnal or prayer book or Communion vessel, but noted that the CDC itself has said that faith is essential to Americans. "Pre-pandemic, we had in this country 120,000 deaths a year from drug overdoses and suicides, and many experts predicted that could be exacerbated and get worse because people are not availing themselves of socialization," she said. "Look what we're doing to so many of our kids, they don't have the academic or social structure -- there have been increases in child abuse, spousal abuse, drug abuse, mental health problems in some places, because of the isolation, fear, and the lack of just being around other people."
https://www.foxnews.com/health/fauci-says-extended-stay-home-orders-could-cause-irreparable-damage|11 hours ago|Fauci says extended stay-home orders could cause ‘irreparable damage’|Stay-home orders that extend too long could cause the U.S. “irreparable damage,” Dr. warned Friday. Strict crackdowns on large gatherings and other orders, such as for home quarantines, were needed when the first hit the nation, but those rules can now begin to be lifted in many parts of the country, Fauci said during an interview on CNBC. “I don’t want people to think that any of us feel that staying locked down for a prolonged period of time is the way to go,” the member of the White House coronavirus task force said. “But now is the time, depending upon where you are and what your situation is, to begin to seriously look at reopening the economy, reopening the country to try to get back to some degree of normal.” He warned, however, against reckless reopenings and called for the use of “very significant precautions” as restrictions are lifted. “In general, I think most of the country is doing it in a prudent way,” he said. “There are obviously some situations where people might be jumping over that. I just say, ‘Please, proceed with caution if you’re going to do that.’” Fauci’s comments came one day after two top Republicans – Sen. Rand Paul of Kentucky and Rep. Andy Biggs of Arizona – wrote in an op-ed that Fauci’s initial safety recommendations had “emasculated” the nation’s health care system and “ruined” its economy. “Fauci and company have relied on models that were later found to be deficient. He even has suggested that he on any of the models, especially if the underlying assumptions are wrong,” the pair wrote in . “Yet, Fauci persists in advocating policies that have emasculated the medical care system and ruined the economy.” They also pointed to Fauci's testimony last week before a Senate committee that opening too soon would “result in needless suffering and death.” “What about the countless stories of needless suffering and death produced by Fauci’s to public health?” Paul and Biggs asked. They called for policies based on trusting the risk assessment of the American people rather than a federal government mandate. Earlier Friday, Fauci said it was “conceivable” that the U.S. could begin to distribute a coronavirus vaccine by December. “Back in January of this year when we started the phase 1 trial, I said it would likely be between a year and 18 months before we would have a vaccine,” Fauci said during an interview on NPR. “I think that schedule is still intact. “I think it is conceivable,” he continued, “if we don’t run into things that are, as they say, unanticipated setbacks, that we could have a vaccine that we could be beginning to deploy at the end of this calendar year, December 2020, or into January, 2021.” Fox News’ Morgan Phillips contributed to this story.
https://www.foxnews.com/media/pete-hegseth-revolt-gym-owners-against-lockdown|11 hours ago|Pete Hegseth praises 'revolt of the gym owners, revolt of the salon owners' against lockdown orders|" " co-host Pete Hegseth extolled what he described as "the revolt of the gym owners" against lockdown orders, which have endangered the livelihoods of millions of people. "I love that this is the revolt of the gym owners, the revolt of the salon owners, of the barbershops, of the restaurants, of the tattoo parlors," Hegseth told " " Friday. "Sometimes the revolt comes from the most unlikeliest of places." "This is how the elites look at it, 'They just own a gym or a hair salon,'" Hegseth added. "No, these are hardworking entrepreneurs who understand their rights and they are standing up for the rest of us ... this is not left versus right, this is liberty versus lockdown ... this is common sense." Host Laura Ingraham updated Hegseth on what she called the "ridiculous and draconian" lockdown order from Democratic Pennsylvania Gov. Tom Wolf. On Friday, Wolf announced that several rural counties would be allowed to transition to either the "yellow" or less restrictive "green" phase of reopening, which mandates restrictions such as 50 percent capacity at restaurants. Much of the eastern half of the state, including Philadelphia and the Poconos, remains locked down in Wolf's so-called "red" phase. Ingraham quoted from story in which one Democratic state representative told Wolf "her constituents have not yet seen evidence that your administration recognizes and sympathizes with the added physical, emotional, and financial suffering they are facing." Late Friday, the Round the Clock Diner in Springettsbury, Pa., " earlier in the day, received word from the commonwealth's Department of Agriculture that their business license had been revoked due to noncompliance with Wolf's health emergency order. Pennsylvania Department of Agriculture spokesperson Shannon Powers that the establishment had been issued two prior warnings for remaining open, which led to her office revoking the restaurant's license. Wolf's order prohibits dine-in service in counties not in the "green" phase. On "The Ingraham Angle," Hegseth said the nation's "elites" reject "common sense wisdom" when they issue business lockdown orders. "They don't respect people enough to let them make their own risk calculation, and people are starting to say 'It's time to open up across the board, I don't care where you live,'" he said, "and that is a reflection of the fact that we should respect people ... that is what free people do, Laura."
https://www.foxnews.com/opinion/trump-churches-houses-of-worship-essential-samuel-rodriguez|13 hours ago|Rev. Samuel Rodriguez: Trump's right: churches, other houses of worship are essential to America|In calling on governors Friday to allow houses of worship to reopen starting this weekend, publicly recognized a fact that has been true since the founding of our nation: in America, houses of worship are essential. “In America we need more prayer, not less,” said in a brief appearance before reporters at the White House. "Some governors have deemed the liquor stores and abortion clinics as essential," the president said. "But have left out and other houses of worship. It's not right. So I'm correcting this injustice and calling houses of worship essential." I thank the president for working with the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention to add houses of worship to its list of essential institutions and for calling on state governors to allow them to open their doors. I hope governors do as the president asked and understand that people of faith do not meet at churches and other religious centers to simply fill a building. We do so because it’s an integral part of what our faith teaches about how we should live. For example, as a Christian, I believe Jesus’ words: “For where two or three gather in my name, there am I with them.” (Matthew 18:20 NIV) Thanks to technology, places of worship have been able to find creative ways to meet virtually during the COVID-19 pandemic. Many gather via Zoom or stream their services on YouTube and social media platforms. Some congregations – including the church I pastor in northern California – are even organizing drive-in services so people can worship in their cars. But the time has come to begin reopening our places of worship. As a resident of California, I commend Gov. Gavin Newsom and our state and local elected officials for their efforts to keep Californians safe. But as these leaders begin rolling out plans to reopen our states, I want to respectfully encourage and assure them that restrictions on places of worship can be lifted safely. Our churches and other religious centers can resume operations following a plan like the one our organization, the National Hispanic Christian Leadership Conference, created that calls for four phases of reopening for houses of worship: Return to holding services, with churches and other places of worship limited to 25 percent of their seating capacity. This will allow for the maintenance of social distancing, increased sanitizing methods and controlled screening to prevent transmission. Houses of worship should also take advantage of drive-in services if their locations allow for it. People can remain in their vehicles with their windows closed and listen to the message via the radio. Online services can and should continue. Return to filling houses of worship at 50 percent capacity, with continued social distancing, face coverings and sanitization. Drive-in and online services can and should continue. During the fifth and sixth weeks of reopening – or whenever the amount of new COVID-19 cases in the state has plateaued or decreased and reliable therapeutic and treatment options for the coronavirus exist – religious facilities can operate at 75 percent capacity. Services can continue to be broadcast via television or radio or streamed online for those who are homebound or at greater risk of catching the virus. This phase may last several weeks or months. Once the CDC no longer deems COVID-19 a public health threat and there are effective treatments and/or a vaccine available, religious facilities will resume normal operations at 100 percent capacity. Of course, each church and other religious center will need to formulate its own plan depending on where they are located, in order to meet their community’s specific needs and concerns. But adopting a cautious, phased and flexible plan should help places of worship resume services in a responsible and ethical manner. I am so grateful I live in a nation where people are allowed to freely exercise their faith or lack thereof. Our Bill of Rights was created expressly to protect that freedom, among many others. Gathering with others for a religious or spiritual service during a time of crisis brings comfort to many and strengthens not only individuals, but whole communities as those individuals go out to encourage and minister to others. Religious services are going to look very different in the coming days, weeks, months and even years. As I have preached to my congregation before: we are not returning to normal, we are experiencing a complete reset to the most basic way of living out our faith. The faith communities in this country have the unique opportunity to set the tone for reopening our nation. There should be no contradiction between honoring the authorities who have been placed over us and holding fast to the tenets of our faith by taking a safe and measured approach to meeting together. Our faith should make us better citizens who are a blessing to our communities and the nation where we live.
https://www.foxnews.com/entertainment/new-recording-john-prine-angel-from-montgomery-released-covid-19-relief|12 hours ago|New recording of John Prine’s ‘Angel From Montgomery’ released by Recording Academy for COVID-19 relief|A little over a month , the Recording Academy has released a new recording of “ " The proceeds of the late singer's song will support the MusiCares Relief Fund. , one of the most influential artists in folk and country music, . In a tweet on Friday, the official Twitter account for the Recording Academy wrote: "We tragically lost music legend @JohnPrineMusic to COVID-19 complications. We can honor his legacy by helping the music community through this pandemic. Donate to @MusiCares #COVID19 Relief Fund to help creators get the assistance they need #MusiCaresForUs." The new recording features artists, musicians and engineers who also are elected leaders in the Recording Academy, including singer-songwriter Christine Albert, Brandon Bush of Sugarland, John Driskell Hopkins of Zac Brown Band and Jeff Powell, an acclaimed Memphis engineer/producer. Tammy Hurt, vice chair of the Recording Academy and one of the contributors on the recording, said in a statement that Prine -- a -- was known for his giving spirit and the new “Angel From Montgomery” recording is a tribute to honor that spirit. On Thursday, it was announced that Prine's family and record label, Oh Boy Records, will present an online tribute titled, " on June 11. According to the , the celebration plans to "feature family and friends sharing memories and songs while raising money for several charitable organizations," which includes the National Alliance on Mental Illness and Alive.
https://www.foxnews.com/media/catholic-priest-churches-have-been-prepared-active-fighting-covid-risks|15 hours ago|Rev. Robert Sirico says latest COVID-19 recommendations for houses of worship already in place|The , president of the Acton Institute for the Study of Religion and Liberty, told " " Friday that churches have been prepared to combat coronavirus and have been planning how to mitigate the risks as parishioners slowly begin returning to the pews. "[There] are two levels of authority," Sirico, a pastor at Sacred Heart Parish in Grand Rapids, Mich., explained to host Neil Cavuto. "The first and most serious for me is my bishop. Our bishop has said we will open next week [while] the bishops of Minnesota have defied their governor and are opening the churches, as far as I understand, this weekend," he said. Sirico said that even prior to Friday's release by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) of guidelines for religious institutions, churches were taking actions to safeguard their buildings and parishioners. Sirico said churches in his area will be instituting "special risk masses" for those in categories susceptible to COVID-19. They will also suspend the use of hymnals and take other protective precautions when it comes to celebrating the Eucharist. "All those kinds of things that are being recommended are already in place," he said. "I mean, it's not as if our churches are not social organizations who have their own set of concerns and knowledge of what's going on. "Not that I've ever been in a tattoo parlor, but I have a suspicion that what goes on in my church is a lot less intimate than [in] a tattoo parlor."
https://www.foxnews.com/media/dr-siegel-ridiculous-restrictions-memorial-day-weekend|12 hours ago|Dr. Marc Siegel sounds off on three coronavirus restrictions that make no sense ahead of holiday weekend|Fox News medical contributor Dr. Marc Siegel joined " " Friday to highlight some of what he described as the most ridiculous restrictions heading into Memorial Day weekend. "[New York City] Mayor Bill de Blasio says he's going to open the beaches, hurray for Memorial Day weekend," Siegel said. "But if anyone tries to swim, he says, 'They're going to be pulled out of the water.' Now, if there's a danger to your health, it isn't COVID-19 on that beach. It's his guy pulling you out of the water. You might drown. "And by the way, social distancing is usually in effect when you swim, right? It's very safe. There's no coronavirus in the water. People don't swim close together. I think you should use those security people as lifeguards." Staying close to New York City, Siegel then called out New York state and neighboring New Jersey allowing tennis, but only singles matches. "Now if you're 70 years old, you may love tennis, but maybe you need doubles. Maybe you don't have the wind for singles anymore, Tucker," the NYU Langone internist said. "Well, if they make you play singles, you could actually, God forbid, die of a heart attack. So to your health, the risk is much greater with the singles than from COVID-19." Finally, the doctor discussed the cancellation of Memorial Day parades across the country, even in areas with low infection rates. "All across the country, we celebrate our fallen warriors from the Revolutionary War forward, right? Well, not this year," he said. "Parades are all being canceled across the United States, including in Bozeman, Montana ..." "There's been less than 500 cases in the entire state of Montana. And one death, one death in the Bozeman area," Siegel went on. "They're not having the Memorial Day parade. So how do we celebrate our fallen heroes? How do we celebrate them?" Siegel then praised President Trump for declaring houses of worship to be "essential" and pressuring state governors to open them. "At least, and we'll social distance in there, believe me, we're going to pray. If this can happen, we'll pray for the souls of our fallen heroes," he said. "If we can't celebrate them in a parade, let's at least be able to pray for their souls."
https://www.foxnews.com/media/cnn-downplays-biden-controversy|14 hours ago|CNN downplays Biden's 'you ain't black' comments, avoids on-air coverage throughout the day|, which often dedicates wall-to-wall coverage for any latest controversy from , virtually avoided covering 's "you ain't black" remarks Friday morning that sparked backlash throughout the day. The presumptive Democrat nominee sparked a firestorm on Friday during on the radio show "The Breakfast Club" as he defended his record with the black community. “I tell you if you have a problem figuring out whether you’re for me or Trump, then you ain’t black,” Biden said. Later in the afternoon, Biden during a conversation with black business leaders, stopping short of a full apology. "I've never ever taken the African-American community for granted, had their support ... I shouldn't have been such a wise guy. I shouldn't have been so cavalier," Biden later said. "I don't take it for granted at all, and no one, no one should have to vote for any party, based on their race or religion or background." Still, Biden's remarks dominated the conversation on social media with the hashtags #YouAintBlack and #JoeBidenIsARacist trending on Twitter. Fox News and MSNBC covered the dust-up throughout the day. ABC News, CBS News and NBC News all addressed the controversy on their evening programs. However, CNN's lack of coverage throughout the day was called out by critics. "Fascinating to watch how the left-leaning cable networks have covered Biden’s 'you ain’t black' comment. MSNBC has discussed it nearly every hour... CNN hasn’t mentioned it once," former CNN digital producer-turned-media critic Steve Krakauer tweeted. George Washington University law professor Jonathan Turley pointed out the "crickets" coming from CNN. In the afternoon, Republican National Committee (RNC) Chairwoman Ronna McDaniel called out the network for going hours without mentioning the controversy. "It’s been over 5 HOURS since Biden told Black people they 'ain’t black' if they support @realDonaldTrump. How many times has CNN mentioned his bigoted comment on air? ZERO. Unreal," McDaniel tweeted. She later the anti-Trump network for waiting until "12 hours" to mention Biden's "bigoted remarks," tweeting, "We all know that if a Republican made a similar comment, CNN would have reworked their entire day of programming to feature 9-person panels condemning it. The bias is unbelievable." "When you take into account how both MSNBC covered this repeatedly and Biden decided to issue a mea culpa, you're left with no conceivable excuse for CNN other than they did so on purpose," NewsBusters managing editor Curtis Houck told Fox News. "Instead, they decided that trashing the administration for allowing houses of worship to reopen and gleefully touting negative hydroxychloroquine headlines were jobs one and two." Houck continued: "CNN has their insane way of going about their newsgathering, presentation and selection, but ignoring a story like this for hours and hours reminds us that their demands that other news organizations act like they do should not only be dismissed but laughed out of the room." CNN didn't offer a full on-air report of Biden's remarks until the end of the 7 p.m. ET hour, when anchor Erin Burnett spoke with Charlamagne tha God about the interview, making it the last major news network to report on Biden's comments. It had articles published on the website earlier in the day. Instead, the network spent much of the day offering critical coverage of the Trump administration's handling of the coronavirus outbreak. Jordan Chariton, co-founder of the progressive media outlet , said CNN's lack of coverage of the controversy is because the network "has been in the tank for Biden for over a year." "They dragged their feet on many stories related to him including him lying on being arrested in apartheid South Africa on his way to meeting Nelson Mandela," Chariton told Fox News. "Outlets like CNN are protectors of the status quo and as such, they will always try and cover up bad stories for candidates like Biden rather than cover and challenge him." This isn't the first time CNN's on-air coverage has raised eyebrows. On Thursday, CNN bizarrely spent over 100 minutes covering President Trump's refusal to wear a mask at the Ford plant. Meanwhile, the network spent just 15 minutes combined from Monday through Thursday covering the growing nursing-home controversy plaguing Democrat New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo. A CNN insider told Fox News that while Trump should have worn the mask, the network is putting an undue emphasis on "what's not important." "I don't know why they focus on things like this when there are certainly more important things to focus on," the network source said. The insider knocked CNN, suggesting that if Trump found the cure for the coronavirus without wearing a mask, him not wearing the mask would become "the story" on the network. Cuomo has largely gotten a pass from CNN, as the network has largely refrained from airing critical coverage of the Democrat governor. On Wednesday, he appeared for his 10th interview with his brother, "Cuomo Prime Time" anchor Chris Cuomo. As in previous interviews, the CNN anchor made no mention of the growing death toll in New York nursing homes. Yet, he did manage to squeeze in some prop comedy, mocking the governor's televised coronavirus test examination with overly-sized cotton swabs while poking fun at the size of his nose. "CNN's coverage of Andrew Cuomo has been consistent with much of the media: focus on the glowing verbiage and ignore the catastrophic mishandling of nursing homes that led to thousands of deaths,” Cornell Law School professor and media critic William A. Jacobson told Fox News. “This problem is compounded by a serious conflict of interest arising from the relationship between Chris Cuomo, one of CNN's highest-profile news personalities, and his brother the governor,” Jacobson added. “Chris Cuomo should not be allowed to cover or comment on air about his brother, and CNN should appoint someone to monitor and review coverage of Andrew Cuomo to prevent this conflict of interest from bleeding over to other news coverage.” Fox News senior meteorologist Janice Dean told " " Thursday that Cuomo's failed nursing-home policy should be "one of the biggest" stories of the year after both of her parents-in-law lost their lives to the coronavirus. "I have not seen the coverage of this," an emotional Dean said. "Twenty percent of our lost loved ones are from nursing homes ... because Governor Cuomo and several other governors forced COVID-recovering patients into nursing homes." Dean, who rarely comments on political issues, felt compelled to speak out after watching Wednesday night's CNN interview between the two playful Cuomo brothers. "The fact that I am seeing, last night, him ... making fun, inappropriate jokes and insensitive jokes, cruel jokes ... make no mistake," Dean said, "I am glad that Chris Cuomo has recovered from COVID because he apparently did have it. And I'm glad that their family is well, but my family is not well. And that is not something to joke about."
https://www.foxnews.com/sports/knicks-legend-patrick-ewing-test-positive-for-coronavirus|14 hours ago|New York Knicks legend Patrick Ewing tests positive for coronavirus|On Friday, legend and Georgetown head basketball coach Patrick Ewing announced he's been diagnosed with the novel and urged the public to take the threat of COVID-19 seriously. Ewing, 57, also included a statement from Georgetown about his medical status and that of the men's basketball team. "I want to share that I have tested positive for COVID-19. This virus is serious and should not be taken lightly," the NBA Hall of Famer tweeted. "I want to encourage everyone to stay safe and take care of yourselves and your loved ones." "Georgetown University's Men's Basketball Coach Patrick Ewing has tested positive the COVID-19 virus," the statement began. "Ewing has elected to share his diagnosis publicity to emphasize that this virus can affect anyone." "Ewing is under care of isolated at a local hospital," the message continued. "He is the only member of the Georgetown men's basketball program to have tested positive for the virus." As of Friday evening, there were nearly 1.6 million confirmed cases of coronavirus in the U.S. and over 95,800 deaths, to Johns Hopkins University.
https://www.foxnews.com/us/san-francisco-opens-first-sanctioned-tent-camp-for-homeless|14 hours ago|San Francisco opens 1st sanctioned tent camp for homeless|San Francisco has opened a “ ” as a tent encampment for the homeless during the pandemic. Close to 80 tents have moved into the encampment placed outside of City Hall. The initiative was approved by Mayor London Breed, who last week said that the city did “not have many other options” when it came to finding a solution for the homelessness problem during the pandemic. “During normal times, two of the main ways we help people out of homelessness are shelter placements and homeward bound, where we connect people with a relative or friend willing to take them in,” said the mayor in a tweet. “Because of COVID-19, both of these have been severely limited, tying our hands.” Unsanctioned homeless encampments were being set up around the city due to the closures and limitations set in place by shelters. According to the city’s mayor, the shelters cut their capacity by 76 percent and new people have not been allowed in during this time, in order to ensure safe social distancing practices. The Safe Sleeping Village will be monitored by security officials at all times. Food, water, showers and trash pickup are also being provided in addition to the toilets the mayor’s office had already distributed throughout the city. A second Sleeping Village is already in the works, Breed announced last week. The encampments are supposed to help homeless practice social distancing and more sanitary measures. San Francisco has also moved 1,300 homeless into hotels during the pandemic, but critics say that more need to be moved in to reduce overcrowding in tent encampments. The city has more than 8,000 homeless however, and the mayor is reportedly reluctant to move them all in to hotels. Historically, San Francisco exercises a no-tent-city policy, requiring police to move tent-dwellers along. But the has recommended that officials leave tent encampments at this time, unless there are options for housings, hotels or other city mandated solutions, such as the Safe Sleeping Village.
https://www.foxnews.com/media/azar-coronavirus-testing-capabilities-we-have-capacity|15 hours ago|HHS Secretary Azar tries to ease testing worries: 'We have the testing capacity to get the job done'|Health and Human Services Secretary Alex Azar told " " Friday that worries about testing capacity expressed in a new Fox News Poll are "not based on the actual realities." "We've done over 12 million tests in this country, which is unprecedented. We'll do 12 million more just in the coming weeks," Azar told host Trace Gallagher from a testing site in Florida. "We have the testing capacity to get the job done through testing sites like this. We're able to make it more convenient for people and accessible." According to the latest , more than 6 in 10 voters say the lack of available testing for COVID-19 is a major problem Azar also defended the administration's response, telling Gallagher the White House has "a six-part multifactor plan for how we deal with this. "First, surveilance. Second, testing. Third, we contain outbreaks. Fourth, we have health care system resilience with capacity and supplies," Azar said. "Fifth, we develop therapeutics to treat people. And then six, we bring vaccines to market under the president's operation warp speed plan." Azar then turned to a Washington Post op-ed he wrote in which he discussed reopening the economy, saying the lockdown is also having a negative effect on Americans. "By being locked in and shut away, we're denying ourselves critical health care services and we end the economic and social dislocation from being shut down is leading to mental illness and suicide risk," he said. "So we've got hundreds of thousands of cancer cases that are not being screened and diagnosed and treated. We have kids who are not getting their pediatric vaccinations. We've got cardiac procedures that are not happening. "So this country's got to get back to work. We've got to get back to school," he went on. "We've got to get back to living. And there are safe ways to do it thanks to President Trump's response and our governor's leadership."
https://www.foxnews.com/politics/whitmer-signs-executive-order-extending-michigan-safer-at-home-order-june-12|14 hours ago|Whitmer extends Michigan's stay-at-home order until June 12|extended her Friday to June 12, her fifth extension of a mandate that has put her at odds with Republican lawmakers and has been the subject of mounting criticism and anti-lockdown protests. The order, called "Safer at Home," will extend temporary business closures and movement restrictions in an effort to combat the coronavirus pandemic. Whitmer also extended her state of emergency through June 19, WJBK-TV reported. In a statement, she said that while cases and deaths are declining, "we are not out of the woods yet." "If we’re going to lower the chance of a second wave and continue to protect our neighbors and loved ones from the spread of this virus, we must continue to do our part by staying safer at home,” the Governor said. “If we open too soon, thousands more could die and our hospitals will get overwhelmed," she said. "While we ﬁnally have more protective equipment like masks, we can’t run the risk of running low again. We owe it to the real heroes on the front lines of this crisis -- our first responders, health care workers and critical workers putting their lives on the line every day -- to do what we can ourselves to stop the spread of the virus.” The move comes a day after a to keep Michigan under a state of emergency without approval from lawmakers. lawmakers had legally challenged the order. In recent days, she has relaxed the stay-at-home order -- in place since March -- to allow for social gatherings of 10 people or less and allowing retail businesses to reopen for appointment-only shopping. On Friday, businesses in the Upper Peninsula and other parts of the state were allowed to operate in a limited capacity, the reported. The mandate comes at a time when many states have begun to reopen their . Some have eased their orders or lifted them entirely. In a tweet, Michigan Republican Party Chair Laura Cox criticized the timing of the extension. "Not only is Gretchen Whitmer going around the state Legislature with her stay-at-home orders, but now she is sneaking around the people of Michigan by announcing an extension to her stay at home order after regular business hours on a holiday weekend," Cox tweeted. "The only thing she is trying to keep safe is her political career." As of Friday, Michigan reported nearly 54,000 COVID-19 cases, including 5,518 deaths, according to the state Department of Health and Human Services.
https://www.foxnews.com/us/boston-commons-memorial-day-tradition-lives-on-despite-coronavirus|15 hours ago|Boston's Memorial Day flag garden tradition lives on despite pandemic|BOSTON – Every Memorial Day weekend, a sea of red, white, and blue covers Common. More than 37,000 American flags gently sway in the breeze to honor those who gave everything for this country. But not this year, because of the coronavirus . "All those flags waving in the breeze, it's just -- it's a tear-jerker,” said Paul Monti, who lost his son in Afghanistan in 2006. "It's quite devastating that we're not able to do it.” Monti's son, Army Sgt. 1st Class Jared Monti, was killed by a rocket-propelled grenade when he tried to save a wounded fellow soldier. In 2009, President Barack Obama awarded him a posthumous Medal of Honor. “It was his care for others that eventually cost him his life,” Paul Monti said of his late son. The proud father was crushed when he found out that he couldn't help plant the flags on the Common this year. Nor could he do so at the Massachusetts National Cemetery, where Jared is buried. "This would have been our tenth year doing it and we were really looking forward to it," Monti said. Diane Nealon, executive director of the Massachusetts Military Heroes Fund, the organizer of the flag garden, said the decision to call it off this year because of coronavirus was tough. "Asking hundreds of volunteers to come down to Boston Common and plant 37,000-plus flags was a difficult thing for us to get our head around," Nealon said, adding that as many as 500 people help plant the sea of flags at one time. "We thought that it would be making some folks unsafe." So, she had to come up with another way to honor those who sacrificed everything for this country. "We're just moving that tribute from Boston Common to individual cities, towns and neighborhoods," Nealon said. This year, instead of making the display in the center of downtown Boston, she's calling on Americans to create patriotic displays of their own in their front yard. She's hoping that if people post them online, with the hashtag #HeroesFlagGarden, the collective display can be bigger than ever before – virtually. For those who can't get out to buy flags – or don't have front yards – the that can be posted in a window. Monti has dozens on American flags on display in his front yard – but he emphasized that they're not just to remember his son. "The flags aren't just for Jared, they're for everyone that's ever served the country and especially for those that have lost their lives," Monti said. He said even in the time of COVID-19, you can still find ways to pay your respects this Memorial Day. "Fly a flag in front of your house, show your pride in America," Monti said. "You see a soldier, you can't shake his hand, I guess, but you can at least say thank you for your service." The Montis' father-son bond was the inspiration for the country song . In the 14 years since his son's death, Paul , in addition to his volunteer and advocacy work on behalf of veterans and fallen soldiers.
https://www.foxnews.com/us/coronavirus-pandemic-prevents-veterans-from-receiving-final-military-funeral-honors|15 hours ago|Coronavirus pandemic prevents veterans from receiving final military funeral honors|BUSHNELL, Fla. -- Memorial Day weekend is a special time of year at . Rows of American flags beautifully line the roadways, the spring sun glistens off the faces of the headstones, and the soft sound of bells tolling can be heard echoing throughout the grounds. But for Michael Chance, this Memorial Day weekend is very different. It’s the first without his father, Owin. “He was my rock,” Chance told Fox News. “If I ever needed something he was the one person I could turn to. What more can you say? He was my dad…he was my hero.” And a hero to many more. For over 20 years, Owin Chance served in the . He retired a Chief Warrant Officer and remained a patriot throughout his life. Chance says that his father was very proud of his time in the military, and planned to be interred at Florida National Cemetery upon his death. There, he would “He knew everything that was going to happen. He knew he was going to be interred there, he knew the ritual that would normally take place for a retired serviceman,” said Chance, adding that his father had effectively planned out his whole funeral. On May 4th, Owin Chance passed away. Days later, he was interred at Florida National Cemetery. But, because of , there was no presentation of the flag. There was no playing of "Taps." And there were no final honors given. This consequence of the pandemic is playing out at National Cemeteries across the country. On March 23, the Department of Veterans Affairs National Cemetery Administration (NCA), “temporarily discontinued committal services,” according to the NCA’s website. As of April 15, families that wish to view their loved ones being interred must watch from their cars. Gerard Lyons, assistant director at Florida National Cemetery, says his heart breaks for the families, but his whole team must follow CDC guidelines for the time being. “That is to protect our veterans and their families,” Lyons told Fox News. “Right now, we are only doing direct interments.” Lyons, an Army veteran himself, says he wants every veteran to receive the service, and makes clear that all families who still wish for a ceremony will be given one retroactively. “We are completely dedicated to honoring your loved one's service,” said Lyons. “When we come out on the other side, we will ensure that every veteran gets their earned burial and honors benefits.” As of May 22, 306 veterans have been interred at Florida National Cemetery without their final honors, according to Lyons. Typically, the cemetery will inter about 6,500 people a year, Chance says that he understands the current situation, but his heart breaks for his father nonetheless. “It’s really painful because he looked so forward to that,” said Chance. “All the years that he put in and we can’t even go honor him right? We can’t have a proper send-off? It’s not right.” “[My father] knew that [the ceremony] would be part of it. That’s what hurts worse than anything else, knowing that he should have gotten this honor and he didn’t.” Because of the pandemic, his father’s church service was limited to direct family members. Between his father’s time in the Navy, his work in business, and his role as a Deacon at his church, Chance says his father’s caring spirit was able to touch many individual lives. “If it wasn’t for this pandemic, there would have been hundreds of people there.” As National Cemeteries around the country work to schedule retroactive interment ceremonies for families, the National Cemetery Administration has started a digital which, “provides an opportunity to remember those Veterans interred during this crisis and reflects interments in our cemeteries starting on April 13," according to the web page. “In these challenging times, we are seeking to remember and celebrate these Veterans with all Americans in this new online space,” the page adds. “We invite you to honor and remember the following Veterans for their service to this nation.” Although many Memorial Day events hosted by National Cemeteries have been canceled or moved online, the NCA clarifies that Lyons says that thousands will typically attend their annual Memorial Day ceremony, which now plans to be digital. Regardless, he hopes that guests will visit the cemetery itself, despite the pandemic. “Visit on Memorial Day, place a flag on your loved one’s grave on Memorial Day, place flowers,” said Lyons. “Walk amongst the headstones, look at the history, and all the people who made the ultimate sacrifice.” Even still, Chance does not feel as though he has closure this Memorial Day. As the nation prepares to honor its heroes, he’ll spend the day thinking about his. “I’ll just remember my dad,” said Chance. “It will be a day to remember him even more, and what he did for this great nation.” Although the NCA has not yet announced when they will resume committal ceremonies, Chance says that he intends to return to Florida National Cemetery when they do and give his father a proper goodbye.
https://www.foxnews.com/us/honoring-military-heroes-memorial-day-amid-coronavirus-outbreak|16 hours ago|Honoring military heroes this Memorial Day amid coronavirus outbreak|Memorial Day weekend is typically full of parades, flag ceremonies and other large group activities to honor fallen , but during the pandemic, the nation has had to find alternative ways to commemorate the sacrifices of those who have died while serving the country. While we may not be able to have traditional in-person gatherings this , which falls on Monday, May 25 this year, the Concerned Veterans for America Foundation (CVAF) is encouraging people to come together online. “What we’re asking folks to do in the context of this time, because we can’t get together this Memorial Day in the traditional venues, is to come together digitally, to honor the sacrifice of those fallen heroes by doing some small act of kindness in the community,” said John Byrnes, director of education at Concerned Veterans for America (CVA) and a veteran of both the U.S. Marines Corps and the U.S. Army. CVA is a charitable organization whose mission is to empower the military community with the tools to promote freedom at home and connect veterans in need with free-market solutions to help them live healthy lives. This Memorial Day weekend, CVA is partnering with Stand Together Foundation, a philanthropic organization dedicated to supporting “community-based catalysts for social change helping impoverished people across the country,” according to its website. “We’re working with Stand Together to help with the acts of kindness aspect of their #GiveTogetherNow campaign,” Byrnes explained. By doing any act of kindness and posting it to a social media platform with the hashtag #GiveTogetherNow, Stand Together will donate $500 dollars to a family suffering financially due to the COVID-19 pandemic. “You can make a mask for someone, you can go to the store or deliver someone’s groceries for them,” said Dhani Jones, former NFL linebacker and Stand Together Live host. “A delivery gentleman took garbage cans and brought them all the way up the driveway for somebody. You can go to a hospital and sing to nurses and doctors. We’re saying you can give the world to someone even if you have just your voice.” To date, Stand Together has raised more than $58 million dollars, helping more than 116,000 families and counting. One of Stand Together’s donors pledged $2.5 million dollars to specifically support each act of kindness. “The kindness piece was a special donor who wanted acts of kindness to unlock the money,” Jones said. “That could be 5,000 acts of kindness, which would distribute the full $2.5 million dollars, giving $500 dollars each to 5,000 families in need.” This Memorial Day weekend, Jones, Stand Together and the CVA are encouraging people to come together by directing their acts of kindness toward veterans and military families as a way to honor our nation’s fallen heroes. Help Heal Veterans, a nonprofit focused on using arts and crafts as a healing tool for veterans, is offering another alternative way to remember those in uniform who made the ultimate sacrifice for Americans' freedom this Memorial Day weekend. “Saturday, we’re having Operation Craftathon,” said Joe McClain, retired Navy captain and CEO of Help Heal Veterans. This event will allow veterans, crafters or anyone interested to participate in a live, virtual craftathon to make face masks from scratch during COVID-19. “It’s a way to bring our vets together with makers and crafters in a digital and social experience,” McClain explained. “Right now, with folks isolated, the more contact you have the better for the healing process, especially for our vets who may be depressed or anxious.” This weekend, in lieu of going to a parade or large gathering, McClain encourages people to participate in their event Saturday and to remember those who have passed on by reaching out to their communities. “I think it’s mostly just important to honor service members in whatever way you can and remember the folks who have given so much,” McClain said. “Maybe it's calling to say thank you to those that are still here, or helping them in some way, but for the most part, I think it’s taking a moment to reflect on what this holiday really means.” By simply checking in with or helping service members in the community, as McClain suggested, and also posting the act of kindness to social media with the hashtag #GiveTogetherNow, people can make a real impact this Memorial Day by simultaneously helping a family in need during this pandemic. “You can give kindness, especially this weekend,” Jones added. “But let’s celebrate kindness not just Memorial Day weekend, but for the rest of our lives.”
https://www.foxnews.com/politics/arizona-rep-irs-failure-issue-tax-refunds-stimulus-checks|16 hours ago|Arizona rep. condemns IRS over "inexcusable" failure to issue tax refunds, stimulus checks|Rep. , R-Ariz., sent a letter to the Friday, demanding to know why the federal agency failed to issue 2019 tax refunds and Economic Impact Payments authorized by Congress under the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act ( ) in March. “We are currently living in unprecedented times. There are now 40 million unemployed Americans,” said Biggs in his Friday letter. “My constituents do not have the luxury of waiting days for simple answers about the status of their filings, nor should they receive confusing or inconsistent guidance when they do finally receive responses.” Biggs pointed to the fact that over 10,000 IRS employees are required to work from home right now, which means people are unable to visit the Taxpayer Assistance Centers (TAC) to get direct answers regarding tax returns or to file paper tax returns. “Two months into the COVID crisis, the IRS still has not figured out a way to promptly return phone calls or finish processing paper refunds,” Biggs told Fox News. “Given the billions of dollars East Valley residents are forced to fork over to the IRS each year, these are inexcusable shortcomings.” “I demand to know how [IRS] Commissioner Rettig intends to improve taxpayer services in the coming days and weeks,” Biggs said to Fox News Friday. Arizona has seen massive economic shutdowns due to the stay-at-home order issued March 31. The state’s Department of Health Services reports that Arizona has had over 15,600 coronavirus cases and nearly 800 deaths. But more than half of the state’s cases have been in Maricopa County, where Rep. Biggs’ district is located. The also reported Friday, that Arizona had over a 12 percent unemployment rate during the month of April. “For better or for worse, the IRS provides and essential service,” wrote Biggs. “If American citizens are asked to sacrifice some of their God-given liberty in the form of taxation, they should at least be granted the courtesy of prompt assistance.”
https://www.foxnews.com/world/south-america-epicenter-coronavirus|17 hours ago|WHO: South America 'effectively' new epicenter for coronavirus|the new epicenter of the pandemic, according to the . Last week, in total confirmed cases. A few days later, Brazil recorded over 20,000 new cases in a single day, with total confirmed cases surpassing 300,000 on Friday. Only the United States and Russia have counted more cases than Brazil has. The rest of the continent has not fared much better, with Chile recording 4,276 new cases on Friday and Peru surpassing 100,000 cases earlier in the week. During an appearance on “ ” Thursday, that U.S. officials should keep an eye on the spread of COVID-19 in South America. Now, . "We've seen many South American countries with increasing numbers of cases and clearly there's a concern across many of those countries, but certainly the most affected is Brazil at this point,” Mike Ryan, executive director of WHO's emergencies program, said at a news briefing on Friday. "In a sense, South America has become a new epicenter for the disease.” Brazil President Jair Bolsonaro has faced criticism for weeks after he has flat out refused to deal with the pandemic. British medical journal The Lancet published an editorial earlier this month in which . Brazil also recently approved a broad use of hydroxychloroquine, which President Donald Trump has touted and despite studies linking . "The current clinical evidence does not support the widespread use of hydroxychloroquine for the treatment of COVID-19, not until the trials are completed and we have clearer results,” Ryan said. "In terms of attack rates, the highest attack rates are actually in Amazonas. About 490 persons infected per 100,000 population, which is quite a high attack rate.” Brazil has a total of 310,087 cases, Peru has 108,769, Chile has 61,857, Ecuador has 35,828 and Colombia has 18,330. The rest of the continent is suffering in smaller numbers, but the rates of increase are not showing signs of flattening just yet.
https://www.foxnews.com/media/steve-formes-message-business-owners-protesting-lockdowns|10 hours ago|Steve Forbes sends message to business owners: 'You pray, you fight, you get out there and you pressure'|Forbes Media Chairman and Editor-in-Chief Steve Forbes told " " Friday that small business owners who are affected by the lockdowns in some states should "fight" and "pray" for their businesses. "The pressure, whether it's civil disobedience ... going after your representatives and the like, petitioning, has got to be done. We already know, we've seen it in Florida. We've seen it in Georgia, Colorado, which has a Democrat governor, but he used to do business as before. He knows no revenue, you don't survive," Forbes said. "So we've got to keep this opening going with deliberate speed. We know it can be done safely. We've seen it in actual practice." The business mogul called on the government to pass liability protection for businesses and suspend the payroll tax. "[What] the federal government can do is provide liability protection [so] when these businesses open, they don't get harassed by lawsuits, frivolous lawsuits," Forbes said. "The other thing they can do is suspend the payroll tax. So when you hire somebody, you pay them. You know, the cost of labor is less, they earn more, win-win all around." Forbes also criticized the Paycheck Protection Program (PPP) for what he called its "ridiculous restrictions." "Like 75 percent of your money has to go for payroll," he said. "The fact of the matter is for a lot of businesses, utilities, rent are the biggest expenses." Forbes concluded by urging people to continue demonstrating against the lockdown orders. "You pray, you fight, you get out there and you pressure and the demonstrations work," Forbes said. " as it did ... if people hadn't gone out and started to do these demonstrations we've seen in other parts of the country too."
https://www.foxnews.com/politics/cdc-releases-guidelines-reopening-houses-of-worship-heres-what-they-say|17 hours ago|CDC releases guidelines for reopening houses of worship: Here’s what they say|The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) released Friday for the reopening of houses of worship after said he is deeming them after being closed under coronavirus lockdowns. "The governors need to do the right thing and allow these very important essential places of faith to open right now -- for this weekend," Trump said as he delivered a statement in the White House briefing room. "If they don't do it, I will override the governors." "In America, we need more prayer, not less," Trump added. The CDC acknowledged that "millions of Americans embrace worship as an essential part of life" but also warned that "gatherings present a risk for increasing the spread of COVID-19." Here’s what the guidelines say: The CDC encourages face coverings for staff and congregants over the age of 2 and for those who do not have severe breathing issues for the duration of services. The CDC calls on houses of worship to eliminate lines if a 6-foot distance between congregants is hard to ensure and to hold services outside or in a large, well-ventilated area, if possible. It also calls for physical guides, such as tape on the floor, to ensure congregants stay 6 feet apart and a guide for “one-way routes” in hallways. It also calls for additional services in order to maintain a lower capacity at each. It calls for limiting the size of gatherings such as funerals, weddings, religious education classes and other events. It recommends clergy hold virtual visits instead of going to homes, except for compassionate care situations such as end of life. The CDC calls for “temporarily limiting” the sharing of frequently touched objects, such as prayer rugs, prayer books, hymnals, shared cups or other items. It urges sharing prayers, songs and texts via email or other technologies. It also recommends finding other methods to collect donations, such as a stationary box or electronic methods. The CDC calls on houses of worship to provide extra protections for older adults and those with underlying conditions or to offer remote participation for these congregants. The CDC calls for frequently touched surfaces to be cleaned “at least daily” and shared objects to be cleaned in between uses. It also calls for proper ventilation systems and increasing the circulation of outdoor air as much as possible by opening windows and doors and using fans.
https://www.foxnews.com/media/tomi-lahren-newsom-illegal-immigrants-first-responders|16 hours ago|Tomi Lahren blasts California governor for giving aid to illegal immigrants, while threatening first responders|host didn't take kindly to Gov. Gavin suggestion that will suffer if his state does not receive a federal government bailout, even as the Golden State gives unprecedented taxpayer-funded relief to "The state of California is a house of cards and this pandemic and the subsequent government prolonged shut down that came with it was just a gust of wind that toppled it," said Lahren on her Fox Nation show On May 14, Newsom announced that California may apparently be forced to cut state worker pay, amid severe shortfalls in the state budget exacerbated by the lockdown. Newsom called on President Donald Trump to take action. "The president of the United States with a stroke of a pen can provide support for Speaker Pelosi's new 'Heroes Act' and these cuts would be eliminated," he said in televised remarks. All the while, Lahren observed, California is still going ahead with a assistance program for illegal immigrants, who do not qualify to receive federal coronavirus relief. On May 17, Newsom doubled-down, suggesting that opponents of a bailout for the states are hypocrites. "When states large and small [are] facing unprecedented budgetary stress, it is incumbent upon the federal government to support the states through this difficult time," Newsom said on CNN. "I hope they’ll consider this next time they want to salute and celebrate our first responders. … Consider the fact that they will be the first ones laid off by cities and counties." "Governor Newsom has threatened to slash funding for state workers, including first responders, yet is still committed to using taxpayer dollars to fund illegals?" said Lahren. "Now it's the federal taxpayers' ethical obligation to save the state he and his Democratic friends have run into the ground? Really, Gavin?" she asked hypothetically. Lahren said that she's not buying it. "I'm pretty dang sure Newsom would never actually cut worker pay and [anger] union bosses. No way," she continued. "That's who funds his political career, hence why we have in unfunded liabilities in the state of California." "No," she concluded, "this is all an emotional ploy to pit President Trump and Republicans as the bad guys, the heartless ones who don't care about workers. "When ... it is abundantly clear Newsom and other governors just like him are using coronavirus and public health to cover for decades of mismanagement."
https://www.foxnews.com/politics/ex-detroit-mayorpkilpatrick-set-to-be-released-from-prison-due-to-pandemic|13 hours ago|Ex-Detroit Mayor Kilpatrick set to be released from prison due to pandemic, lawmaker says|Disgraced former Mayor will be granted early release from a federal prison where he is serving a 28-year sentence for and currently in quarantine due to the coronavirus, according to a Michigan state lawmaker. State Rep. Karen Whitsett, a Detroit , told WJB-TV that she was notified by of Kilpatrick's impending release during his Thursday to Michigan. "He said that he was being released," Whitsett said. "I'm elated for him ... An out is an out ... He's done his time. And I think, 'My God, when is long enough long enough.'" The former mayor is currently being quarantined for in the low-security Oakdale, La., prison. He will be among 3,000 inmates granted release due to the spread of the coronavirus within the federal prison system. Kilpatrick, 49, served as Detroit's mayor from 2002 to 2008. He was convicted in 2013 on charges of racketeering conspiracy, fraud, extortion and tax crimes related to shaking down contractors and rewarding his allies. The government called the scheme the “Kilpatrick enterprise." The former mayor's downfall began when the published text messages between him and his female chief of staff that appeared to show he lied during a police whistleblower trial while denying an affair between the pair. In a February to Tump, the Ebony Foundation, a nonprofit dedicated to combating mass incarceration, argued that Kilpatrick's lengthy sentence was not appropriate for his crimes. "Kwame Kilpatrick made grave errors in judgment as Mayor," read the letter, which was signed by several African-American leaders. "However, when looking at his sentence in comparison to other public officials in public corruption cases who were convicted and sentenced around the same time, you see the unfairness of Mr. Kilpatrick's sentence." The group cited the 14-year sentence handed down to disgraced Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich, whose sentence was this year. In a statement, state Rep. Sherry Gay-Dagnogo said the issue "is much larger than one man or conviction" but rather to "ensure greater access to justice and victory to all who have been impacted by our judicial system – especially those communities that often bare the weight disproportionately."
https://www.foxnews.com/media/judge-napolitano-trump-has-no-authority-to-override-church-ban-but-has-other-recourse|18 hours ago|Judge Napolitano: Trump has no authority to override church bans, but can do this|Fox News senior judicial analyst Judge Andrew Napolitano said Friday that President Trump does not have the authority he says he does when it comes to overriding governors who will not allow churches or synagogues to reopen. However, Napolitano told "The Daily Briefing" that the governors' bans are "ill-advised" and that the president does have one major recourse should a state executive fail to listen to his orders. "In a word, no," he said of Trump's authority on the matter. "As ill-advised as these gubernatorial orders are -- as essential as is the right to worship, as fundamental as it is -- as absolutely protected by the First Amendment as it is, the president does not have any authority to override the governors," he said. Instead, Napolitano said Trump can order Attorney General William Barr and the Justice Department to file federal lawsuits against states that infringe on the First Amendment rights of their citizens. Federal judges, thereby, are the ones with the legal power to override governors' orders. "The president on his own, no matter [how] well-intended he may be and I believe he’s well-intended here, is without authority to do that." Napolitano added that in his home state of New Jersey, he has been anxious for a similar lawsuit to be filed against Democratic Gov. Philip Murphy, who has to-date considered places of worship "non-essential," even as liquor stores and other facilities remain open. In the early days of the Garden State lockdown, New Jersey authorities notably raided religious services in the city of Lakewood, home to a large Jewish population. The state government was lambasted for their actions at the time. "Here [in New Jersey], the doors are locked and you cannot go in for private prayer on your own, much less an organized prayer service or a Catholic Mass," Napolitano said. "Judges can interfere with governors when governors violate the state constitution or the federal constitution. But the president is without authority to exercise that interference on his own."
https://www.foxnews.com/media/kayleigh-mcenany-spars-with-press-on-church-reopenings-flynn-case|18 hours ago|Kayleigh McEnany spars with press on church reopenings, Flynn case|White House Press Secretary held a press conference on Friday following 's announcement ordering governors to allow churches and other houses of worship to open in their states. White House reporters asked McEnany about the Trump administration's safety guidelines and the president's authority to order the reopening of churches, synagogues, and mosques as "essential." "What specific provision of federal law allows the president to override a governor's stance?" one reporter asked. "The president will strongly encourage every governor to allow their churches to reopen," McEnany responded, "and boy, it's interesting to be in a room that desperately wants to seem to see these churches and houses of worship stay closed." Reuters White House correspondent Jeff Mason immediately rebuffed the press secretary. "Kayleigh, I object to that because I go to church, I'm dying to go back to church," Mason told McEnany. "The question that we're asking you and would have liked to have asked the president and Dr. Birx is ... is it safe? And if it's not safe, is the president trying to encourage that or does the president agree with Dr. Birx that people should wait?" "Jeff, it is safe to reopen your churches if you do so in accordance to the guidelines," McEnany answered. Mason later clarified to McEnany that he and his press colleagues "celebrate" the First Amendment right to freedom of religion but that the questions are not about whether President Trump is allowing Americans to "pray," which McEnany shot back that he's allowing people to "gather in their places of worship." Tensions further escalated towards the end of the briefing when One America News Network reporter Chanel Rion asked McEnany if President Trump was considering "pardoning" former President Obama for what she called "illegal spying on U.S. citizens," which follows Attorney General William Barr's comments suggesting that neither Obama nor former Vice President Joe Biden will face criminal charges as part of the ongoing Durham investigation. McEnany told Rion that she had "not spoken" to the president regarding that question but quickly pivoted to the "series of questions" the press secretary previously laid out to journalists regarding the handling of the Flynn investigation. "I just wanted to follow up with you guys on that -- did anyone take it upon themselves to pose any questions about Michael Flynn and the unmasking to President Obama's spokesperson?" McEnany asked the White House reporters. The rest of the room remained silent. "Oh, not a single journalist has posed that question," McEnany reacted. As ABC News White House correspondent Jonathan Karl attempted to interject on the premise of her assertion, the press secretary then proceeded with a slideshow presentation of questions she believes journalists should be asking. "No.1, why did the Obama administration use opposition research funded by a political organization and filled with foreign dirt to spy on members of the Trump campaign?" McEnany began, referring to the infamous Steele dossier. "No. 2, why was Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn unmasked not by the intel community entirely but Obama's chief of staff, by the former Vice President Joe Biden, by Susan Rice, by the treasury secretary? I mean, this is extraordinary. You know, if it were political appointees in a Trump administration, I can guarantee you I'd have questions in my inbox right now but apparently Obama's spokesperson does not." Susan Rice, Obama's national security adviser, did not appear on the unmasking list. However, Rice's declassified email to herself regarding an Oval Office meeting about the Flynn surveillance has raised eyebrows in Washington. "Why was Flynn's identity leaked? In a criminal act, it is a criminal act to leak the identity of Michael Flynn to the press but it happened. Where are the questions to Obama's spokesperson?" McEnany asked. "Because my team would be running around this building should this have happened under the Trump administration." She continued, "Why did the DOJ's Sally Yates learn about the unmasking from President Obama? So much for going 'by the book' as Susan Rice said three times. Thou doth protest too much, Susan Rice. And finally, question No. 5, why did James Clapper, John Brennan, Samantha Power, and Susan Rice privately admit under oath that they had no evidence of collusion while saying the opposite publicly?" "It's a long weekend, you guys have three days to follow up on those questions," McEnany told reporters.
https://www.foxnews.com/politics/new-biden-ad-claims-trump-froze-when-coronavirus-hit|16 hours ago|New Biden ad claims Trump ‘froze like a deer in the headlights’ when coronavirus hit|’s presidential campaign on Friday launched a new digital spot that charges that was “unprepared” and “indecisive” as swept the globe. “When coronavirus came, Trump froze like a deer in the headlights,” the narrator in the ad says. The spot claims that as “the warning signs became more ominous, the alarms flashed red, and there was our president unprepared, indecisive, frozen, paralyzed by his fear of offending the Chinese government and losing his precious trade deal, panicked at the thought of what a stock market collapse would mean to his reelection.” president's campaign says the ad will start running immediately on Facebook, Instagram and YouTube in the key battlegrounds of Arizona, Michigan, North Carolina, Pennsylvania and Wisconsin. But Biden aides wouldn’t say how much the campaign is spending to run the ads. The ads are the latest from the Biden campaign and allied super PACs that criticize the president for initially downplaying the severity of the coronavirus outbreak and for fumbling the federal response to the pandemic. The president, defending his record, has repeatedly pointed to his ban on non-U.S. citizens from flying from China to the U.S., which was implemented on Feb. 2. “I stopped people from China very early — very, very early — from coming into our country,” the president said on April 4. A week later, at a White House briefing on the coronavirus, Trump again praised his administration’s actions, declaring that “everything we did was right” as he slammed media reports that his administration had failed to adequately ramp up testing and production of medical supplies to those on the front lines fighting the outbreak. Over the past month the Trump reelection campaign have launched TV ads accusing Biden of being soft on China – where the for decades.
https://www.foxnews.com/media/special-report-all-star-panel-trump-houses-of-worship-announcement|12 hours ago|Marshall on Trump call to reopen houses of worship: 'Even though worshipping is essential, God is everywhere'|Fox News contributor Leslie Marshall and The Federalist publisher Ben Domenech took opposing sides Friday on " " in response to President Trump's "order" that governors open houses of worship during the pandemic. "The president's order today is meant to send a message to the states about the essential nature of religious services," Domenech said on the All-Star panel. "His comment ... about overruling the governors is something that, I think it could be tested in a couple of instances, but is more likely to come in the form of DOJ [Justice Department] lawsuits, as we've seen in other cases against those governors who don't allow these houses of worship to open." Trump on Friday announced that new Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) guidance will classify houses of worship as “essential,” as he called on governors to allow them to open “right now” after being closed during coronavirus lockdowns. "The governors need to do the right thing and allow these very important essential places of faith to open right now -- for this weekend," Trump said at a White House briefing. "If they don't do it, I will override the governors." Marshall disagreed with the president's decision, noting problems in her home state of California and citing an instance in Arkansas in which a coronavirus outbreak trace back to church gatherings. "We have here in California at least three churches, one of which had over 70 people, 73 to be exact [contract COVID-19]. There are three deaths as a result. But the problem with that is it goes further than just these houses of worship because these people go out into the community," Marshall said. "If you look at Arkansas, where you have 38 percent of one, one church's population [infected] ... then they have found through tracing [that] 26 additional people were infected. One died in the community, three died in the church. This is something governors have to look at because every state is on a different track with regard to social distancing." Marshall said that governors should make the decision that's best for their state and people should make the best of the situation. "Even though worshipping is essential, God is everywhere," Marshall added. "So let's pray wherever we can until we're safe to go inside those churches, mosques and synagogues."
https://www.foxnews.com/politics/doj-intervenes-in-case-challenging-illinois-coronavirus-restrictions|17 hours ago|DOJ intervenes in case challenging Illinois coronavirus restrictions, says governor went too far|on Friday intervened in an Illinois case that has the potential to invalidate the state’s stay-at-home order implemented by Democratic Gov. J.B. Pritzker -- while also writing to the mayor of Los Angeles to warn that a lengthy lockdown could be "arbitrary and unlawful.” The DOJ filed a statement of interest in support of a lawsuit by state lawmaker Rep. Darren Bailey, who has sought to challenge Pritzker’s stay-at-home restrictions -- challenging whether he can keep the restrictions in place longer than the 30 days allowed by state law. “In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, the Governor of Illinois has, over the past two months, sought to rely on authority under the Illinois Emergency Management Agency Act to impose sweeping limitations on nearly all aspects of life for citizens of Illinois, significantly impairing in some instances their ability to maintain their economic livelihoods,” the agency said in a statement. Continuing, the DOJ said: “According to the lawsuit, the Governor’s actions are not authorized by state law, as they extend beyond the 30-day time period imposed by the Illinois legislature for the Governor’s exercise of emergency powers granted under the Act.” Bailey last month against the stay-at-home order, seeking to prevent the governor “from taking any action ... which orders Darren Bailey to stay at home, or at his place of residence, as well as limiting his ability to travel within the state..." The motion alleged that Pritzker's stay-at-home order is "in excess of the authority granted him" under Illinois law. While that order only applied to Bailey, he has since sought to have it apply to the state as a whole. The DOJ said that Pritzker, instead of responding to a motion for summary judgement, has sought to have the case removed to federal district court “The Governor of Illinois owes it to the people of Illinois to allow his state’s courts to adjudicate the question of whether Illinois law authorizes orders he issued to respond to COVID-19,” said Assistant Attorney General Eric Dreiband for the Civil Rights Division in a statement. “The United States Constitution and state constitutions established a system of divided and limited governmental power, and they did so to secure the blessings of liberty to all people in our country.“ “Under our system, all public officials, including governors, must comply with the law, especially during times of crisis. The Department of Justice remains committed to defending the rule of law and the American people at all times, especially during this difficult time as we deal with COVID-19 pandemic,” he said. “However well-intentioned they may be, the executive orders appear to reach far beyond the scope of the 30-day emergency authority granted to the Governor under Illinois law,” Steven Weinhoeft, U.S. Attorney for the Southern District of Illinois, said. The governor has defended his orders, and has criticized Bailey for taking the legal action. "It’s insulting. It’s dangerous and people’s safety and health have now been put at risk,” Pritzker said, according to the . “There may be people who contract coronavirus as a result of what Darren Bailey has done." The statement of interest marks the latest intervention by the DOJ in lawsuits against state coronavirus restrictions. In April, Attorney General William Barr announced an initiative directing officials to review coronavirus restrictions to ensure that civil liberties are not being violated. On Friday Assistant Attorney Eric Dreiband also wrote to Los Angeles Mayor Eric Garcetti and L.A. County’s health director, warning that a longer-term lockdown “may be arbitrary and unlawful.” Both Garcetti and Health Director Barbara Ferrer have suggested restrictions could be in place for months, with Ferrer saying that stay-at-home restrictions will be in place “for the next three months” unless a vaccine is discovered. In the letter, the DOJ said that it “recognizes and appreciates the duty that you have to protect the health and safety of the residents of the Los Angeles area in the midst of a pandemic that is unprecedented in our lifetimes.” “Governmental authority, however, is not limitless, and must be exercised reasonably,” the letter says. “Even in times of emergency, when governments may impose reasonable and temporary restrictions, the Constitution and federal statutory law prohibit arbitrary, unreasonable actions,” it says. “Simply put, there is no pandemic exception to the U.S. Constitution and its Bill of Rights.” Last month the by saying in a court filing that it "strongly suggests that the city’s actions target religious conduct" after the church sued police for ticketing congregants during a drive-in service amid coronavirus. It sided with Temple Baptist Church in Greenville, Miss., after Greenville police officers began issuing $500 tickets to congregants who refused to leave a parking lot where the church was holding a drive-in service. In the statement of interest, Attorney General William Barr said that the city “appears to have thereby singled churches out as the only essential service (as designated by the state of Mississippi) that may not operate despite following all CDC and state recommendations regarding social distancing." Meanwhile, President Trump on Friday threatened to “override” governors who refused to allow places of worship to open.
https://www.foxnews.com/travel/universal-orlando-resort-date-reopening-temperature-screenings-face-masks-hand-sanitizer|18 hours ago|Universal Orlando Resort sets reopening date; guests to be screened for temperature, required to use sanitizer|is gearing up to reopen. After reportedly receiving the go-ahead from a Florida task force earlier this week, Universal Orlando Resort has confirmed that Universal Studios Florida, Islands of Adventure and Volcano Bay will reopen to the public on June 5, albeit with several new health and safety guidelines. “This carefully-managed reopening comes with stringent new health, safety and hygiene procedures in place,” reads a posted to Universal Orlando Resort’s website. “So, as we enjoy our parks together again, everyone will need to follow CDC [Centers for Disease Control and Prevention] guidelines and the recommendations of health officials, and Universal Orlando’s policies.” The resort also included a disclaimer about the “inherent risk” of exposure to COVID-19, adding that Universal “cannot guarantee that you will not be exposed during your visit.” In an effort to avoid such incidents, however, Universal Orlando Resort has outlined several of the enhanced health and safety measures that will be in place upon reopening. Among them, guests will be required to undergo temperature screenings upon entry (anyone with a temperature of over 100.4 degrees will not be admitted) and wear facial coverings while inside the parks. Guests will also be encouraged to observe proper social-distancing protocol and heed floor markings indicating where to stand, when present. Frequent handwashing is also urged, and the use of hand sanitizer before boarding ride vehicles is “required.” In addition, the park will operate at a limited capacity to start, likely at 50 percent capacity, as by the Orange County Economic Task Force. The parks' hours have been modified, with Universal Studios Florida and Islands of Adventure open only from 9 a.m to 6 p.m. and Volcano Bay open only from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Universal's CityWalk attraction is open from 8 a.m. to 10 p.m. daily. “Please note the CDC advises that older adults and people of any age who have serious underlying medical conditions might be at higher risk for severe illness from COVID-19,” Universal added. “Guests should evaluate their risk in determining whether to attend.” Universal Orlando Resort, along with Universal Hollywood Studios, had originally closed its doors in mid-March in an effort to help curb the spread of the . Earlier this week, representatives for Universal Orlando Resort met with the Orange County Economic Recovery Task Force to . The task force unanimously voted to approve the park’s plans, reported, although Orange County Mayor Jerry Dennings and Florida Gov. Ron DeSantis reportedly needed to review the proposal before giving the go-ahead.
https://www.foxnews.com/politics/trump-announces-that-houses-of-worship-are-essential-calls-on-governors-to-open-them-up|20 hours ago|Trump announces that houses of worship are ‘essential,’ calls on governors to open them up|on Friday announced that new Centers for Disease Control guidance will classify houses of worship as “essential,” as he called on governors to allow them to open “right now” after being closed during the . Trump announced the policy for churches, synagogues and mosques, during a short briefing at the White House. "The governors need to do the right thing and allow these very important essential places of faith to open right now--for this weekend," Trump said. "If they don't do it, I will override the governors." "In America, we need more prayer not less," Trump added. It's unclear under what authority Trump has to override governors. But Trump took issue with certain businesses being open, while churches are not. Attorney General William Barr already warned last month that coronavirus restrictions by state and local government and not single out religious organizations. "Some governors have deemed the liquor stores and abortion clinics as essential," Trump said. "But have left out churches and other houses of worship. It's not right. So I'm correcting this injustice and calling houses of worship essential." The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention for communities of faith that acknowledge "millions of Americans embrace worship as an essential part of life" but also warn that "gatherings present a risk for increasing the spread of COVID-19." The guidelines encourage the use of cloth face coverings during services, limiting the size of gatherings, social distancing during services and suspending or decreasing choirs and singing in church since "singing may contribute to transmission of COVID-19, possibly through emission of aerosols," the CDC says. Last week the CDC released new guidelines that schools, businesses and other organizations can use as states reopen from coronavirus shutdowns. The document, however, excluded guidance for churches and faith-based groups because the White House raised concerns about the recommended restrictions, the Associated Press reported. Cities across the country have been taking their cues from their governors on when and how to reopen. New York Gov. Cuomo's executive order still remains in effect in hard-hit New York City, officials said Friday. "Houses of worship never closed in New York City, but have been under reasonable capacity requirements that prohibit large gatherings," said Olivia Lapeyrolerie, Mayor Bill de Blasio's deputy press secretary. "We will continue to work closely with faith leaders to ensure people can safely worship during these stressful times, but will not take any steps that could jeopardize New Yorkers' health." The White House's Friday announcement comes after Trump has been hearing an earful from faith leaders who are unable to hold services due to coronavirus restrictions at a time when their parishioners are grappling with the crisis. Families may be grieving the loss of loved ones from the virus or struggling with job losses but unable to seek respite in their places of worship. On Thursday, Trump had a conference call with 1,600 pastors and faith leaders from around the country, including Tony Perkins, president of the Family Research Council. He reassured them he wants to get churches reopened. The evangelical Christian community was instrumental in supporting Trump during his 2016 White House bid and he's maintained strong ties with Christian leaders throughout his presidency. Trump telegraphed the decision a day earlier when he announced he spoke to the CDC on finding ways to reopen houses of worship during the pandemic. "We've got to get our churches open," Trump said Thursday. Churches across the country had to close down due to stay-home orders necessary to stop the spread of the contagious virus. Faith leaders set up online services and families tuned in Sunday mornings from their computers at home. Earlier in the pandemic, Trump expressed optimism that churches would be opened by Easter Sunday, April 12. But April turned out to be an extremely deadly month for the pandemic, and parishioners had to celebrate Easter from home. Some faith leaders have argued that social distancing rules have violated First Amendment religious freedoms. Others have defied state and local rules and tried to reopen. "The discrimination that has been occurring against churches and houses of worship has been shocking," said Kelly Shackelford, president of the First Liberty Institute, a legal organization dedicated to defending religious freedom. “We applaud the President’s strong stance today demanding that these attacks must stop and that churches and houses of worship be freed to safely open. Americans are going to malls and restaurants. They need to be able to go to their houses of worship.” But other faith leaders warned that congregating is too dangerous right now. “The President is wrong, plain and simple," said Rabbi Jack Moline, president of Interfaith Alliance. "...The virus does not discriminate between types of gatherings, and neither should the president ... It is completely irresponsible for the president to command a mass reopening of houses of worship. The illness and death that afflicts religious communities who follow the president's dictates will be his responsibility.” Earlier this week, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention released a that showed just how quickly the virus can spread at church. The study showed that two symptomatic people who later tested positive for COVID-19 attended church events in rural Arkansas back in early March. At least 35 of 92 attendees at the events contracted the virus and three of them died. Twenty-six other people in the community with links to the church have also contracted the virus, with one person dying "We stayed home so the virus quieted down and stopped spreading widely where it was spreading widely, but it's still out there," former CDC director Tom Frieden . "So anytime you have a lot of people together in an indoor space and one of them is infectious, you can have a lot of cases."
https://www.foxnews.com/politics/birx-announces-dramatic-decline-in-coronavirus-deaths-hospitalizations-across-the-country|18 hours ago|Birx announces ‘dramatic decline’ in coronavirus cases across the states|Dr. on Friday announced a “dramatic decline” in coronavirus deaths and hospitalizations across the country, particularly in the metro area. "A dramatic decline across the states" has also been seen in the positivity rate, as testing capabilities are expanded, said Birx, the White House coronavirus response coordinator, during a briefing with reporters. Birx called out three metro areas where the positivity rate has either stalled or increased: Washington, D.C., Baltimore and Minneapolis. She said D.C. has the "number one" highest positivity rate of any metro area in the country, adding that "went through their logarithmic phase and are now at a high plateau with an unchanging number of cases day over day." Speaking about opening churches after Trump announced houses of worship would be considered “essential,” Birx called on people who have comorbidities in areas with high COVID-19 cases to “wait a week.” "Certainly, people that have significant co-morbidities, we want them protected. I know those houses of worship want to protect them,” said Birx. “Maybe they can't go this week if there's a high number of COVID cases. Maybe they wait another week." With regards to testing, Birx said that every state had met the 2 percent threshold to begin reopening as laid out in the White House guidelines. “We wanted every state to test at least 2 percent of their population during May,” Birx said. “You can see 100 percent of the states now are over 2 percent of their population. ... Many of the states now are over 4 percent.” Birx also encouraged people to go outside this weekend for Memorial Day, but urged them to maintain 6 feet of social distancing. She said it was acceptable to even "consider sharing social distance space" with those outside the home, with the right precautions. "Understand you can go out, you can be outside, you can play golf, you can go to beaches, if you stay six feet apart," Birx said.
https://www.foxnews.com/us/minnesota-health-officials-graduation-ceremony-exposed-people-coronavirus|18 hours ago|Minnesota health officials say graduation ceremony exposed people to coronavirus|A in that took place in violation of state efforts to limit the spread of the is possibly linked to a new cluster of COVID-19 cases, state health officials said. Someone who helped organize the event tested positive for the virus and came into contact with other workers, said Kris Ehresmann, director of the state Health Department's Infectious Disease Division. “This week we’ve seen an example of a positive case associated with the setup for a ceremony," Ehresmann said, according to KARE-TV. "An individual helping to set up was in close contact with several other staff members over the course of a few hours to prepare a stage where a graduation ceremony was to take place.” The school, location and size of the ceremony were not disclosed. Ehresmann said the person who contracted the virus began experiencing symptoms after helping set up the stage but did not attend the ceremony. The person was exposed two other people, she said, the reported. “And the ceremony did involve individuals walking up to receive the diploma," Ehresmann said. “Those two individuals did not yet know that they had been exposed, and so were not in quarantine. This is just another example of another risk for transmission to a much larger population if procedures are not followed.” Fox News' calls and messages to the state Department of Health were not returned. Indoor and outdoor graduation ceremonies have been banned for several weeks because of Minnesota Gov. Tim Walz's stay-at-home order. Many schools have canceled the ceremonies and have chosen to get creative. Some are doing drive-thru ceremonies where graduates pick up their diplomas while in a vehicle. Others are doing virtual events with some high-profile names giving commencement speeches, including former . Minnesota is slowly easing restrictions to reopen the state. However, large events are still prohibited. The Minnesota State Fair was officially canceled on Friday. It was supposed to be held Aug. 26 through Sept. 6, reported.
https://www.foxnews.com/us/sacramento-county-reverses-decision-open-fitness-studios-state-pressure|16 hours ago|Sacramento County reverses decision to open fitness studios after state pressure|Sacramento County has reversed its decision to reopen fitness studios and allow small social gatherings after state officials weighed in to protest the move. The county was set to allow exercise facilities to reopen but did an about-face on Friday, to the Los Angeles Times. “The Department of Health Services was willing to work with small fitness studios to reopen based on significant restrictions and requirements that ensured ample space between customers and staff and disinfecting shared equipment in order to protect public health,” Director of County Health Services Dr. Peter Beilenson said in a statement. “However, we have received feedback from the state Department of Public Health that no gyms or small fitness studios of any kind may reopen at this point, and we will respect and follow that guidance." Beilenson had told on Thursday that the county was hoping to adopt strict sanitary measures and restrictions to allow for limited use of fitness studios. The county was also reportedly seeking permission from state officials to host gatherings of 10 people or less. Gov. s reopening plan is in the second of four phases and has not made allowances for gyms to reopen yet. Some counties have been approved for certain dine-in options and in-store shopping, while others have failed to meet the state's requirements. As of Friday afternoon, there were more than 1.59 million confirmed cases of COVID-19 in the U.S. and over 95,500 deaths, to Johns Hopkins University.
https://www.foxnews.com/health/amid-coronavirus-crisis-first-responder-begs-congress-for-support|19 hours ago|Amid coronavirus crisis, FDNY first responder begs Congress for support|An FDNY EMT on Thursday shared her experience on the front lines with Congress in a plea for hazard pay and adequate personal protective equipment (PPE) against coronavirus, according to reports. Diana Wilson elaborated on the exhaustion shared among first responders via video to the House coronavirus committee, . She said the government’s unpreparedness for the pandemic in insufficient planning and protective gear likens to health perils responders experienced during 9/11. “Let us remember how EMTs and paramedics during 9/11 affected our department,” she said. “Remember how members were being told that the air quality was safe, and still experiencing staff dying to this very day? Fast-forward to today, responding first to this virus: When does EMS [emergency medical services] get the PPE we need to protect ourselves and save lives? When does EMS get the pay they deserve for being first medical responders?” Wilson also noted an increase in calls for cardiac arrests, and despite responders’ best efforts, patients are found dead in their homes and cars. “The government failed us by not protecting first responders by providing us with a plan and PPE. We are haunted by our choices, and the patients we do not save,” . “There were other countries who had strategies to respond to this type of scenario, and we were grossly unprepared.” Wilson reportedly lost her husband last year and hasn’t seen her two children in weeks for their own protection while she works long shifts. While responders trained for Ebola and continue to train for active shootings, Wilson said “we failed on a plan or training for this pandemic at any scale.”
https://www.foxnews.com/health/texas-woman-gets-kidney-after-coronavirus-delays-lifesaving-transplant|19 hours ago|Texas woman gets kidney after coronavirus delays lifesaving transplant: 'I was hanging on by a thread'|A Texas man has donated a kidney to his wife in need, weeks after the transplant was delayed due to the ongoing epidemic in the U.S. that temporarily halted elective surgeries in the Lone Star State and elsewhere. Robert Garza recently donated a kidney to his wife of 20 years, Elsa, who says she was in stage 5 renal failure prior to the transplant. “My [glomerular filtration rate] numbers were dropping pretty dramatically,” Elsa told Glomerular filtration rates, or GFR, are used to measure how well the kidneys are functioning. “I was hanging on by a thread,” the mom of two added, noting she suffers from an autoimmune disorder that led to focal segmental glomerulosclerosis, or a disease that causes scar tissue to build on parts of the kidneys, ultimately prompting her need for a transplant. Initially, Robert had planned to donate his kidney in April to prevent his wife from requiring dialysis. But the transplant was ultimately postponed due to the outbreak of the novel coronavirus. Like other hospitals, the University Health System Transplant Center in San Antonio, where the surgery was scheduled, had stopped allowing surgeries for patients “who were stable and had a living donor,” according to the news station. Texas Gov. Greg Abbott has since s in the state, allowing hospitals to resume them under certain guidelines. The transplant, which took place earlier this week, was reportedly a success; both Robert and Elsa — who told the news station they share a birthday — are in stable condition. She is expected to be discharged sometime next week. “To be a match was another page in the story, so I was like, 'Wow, we're a match in everything,'” Robert told KVUE. “It means a lot,” added Elsa of her husband's decision to donate. “I married my soulmate. It gives me an opportunity to enjoy the rest of my journey with my husband. He's given me a second chance of life.”
https://www.foxnews.com/media/ben-carson-pushes-back-cuomo-defense-nursing-home|19 hours ago|Dr. Ben Carson pushes back on NY Gov. Cuomo's 'ridiculous' defense of nursing home order|directive to send recovering to already-vulnerable was "clearly a mistake" to be learned from, U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) Secretary Dr. Ben Carson said Friday. In an interview on with host Sandra Smith, Carson said that whether or not there were appropriate guidelines in place by the state can be disputed "all day and all night," but using logic could have saved lives. "Obviously we don't want to take people who have an and concentrate them in a place that isn’t prepared to receive them," he said. A new report revealed that more than 4,300 recovering coronavirus patients had been sent to New York's nursing homes under the March . While Cuomo has since amended this policy -- and, more recently, ordered that all nursing home staff be testing for the biweekly -- the death toll in homes and long-term care facilities has exceeded 5,000 people. On Wednesday, for the to open an investigation into the massive number of deaths during the pandemic, shifting the blame toward guidelines from the Trump administration and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC). Cuomo, a Democrat, has also announced he is under the leadership of State Attorney General Letitia James, also a Democrat. “This is a season, I get it,” he said. “I’m not going to get into the political back-and-forth, but anyone who wants to ask why did the state do that with COVID patients in nursing homes, it’s because the state followed CDC guidance.” Cuomo added: “They should ask President Trump. I think that will stop the conversation.” "Of course you're not supposed to discriminate against anybody. All the federal guidelines say that about everything. That's a ridiculous argument," Carson responded. "Obviously, you want to accept people if you have provisions and have taken the appropriate safeguards, but you just don’t say, ‘Okay, let's bring somebody with tuberculosis in here because we are not supposed to discriminate against them’ without having prepared for that." "That makes absolutely no sense whatsoever to a , a or anybody with a brain," he added. Smith asked the secretary whether or not he thought there is a need for a federal probe into the nursing home deaths in the state. "Well, it would be good to make sure that we know what the weaknesses were so that we could correct them," Carson told Smith. "I'm not sure that it would be useful to put people in jail and to compound a tragedy that has already occurred."
https://www.foxnews.com/auto/new-york-auto-show-canceled-covid-19-hospital|18 hours ago|2020 New York Auto Show canceled because convention center is still a COVID-19 hospital|The has been canceled for the year because the Jacob K. Javitz Convention Center it takes place in is still set up as temporary field hospital meant to house COVID-19 patients, although it is currently not in use. The facility treated more than 1,000 patients during April, but the last ones were discharged in early May. Equipment was left in place, however, in case a second wave of the coronavirus hits the city and overwhelms hospitals. The show was already due to the crisis, but organizers said the uncertainty of the hospital’s future has made the huge event untenable this year due to the amount of planning involved by the automakers, dealers and other exhibitors that take part. “As representatives of automobile retailers, we know when this crisis passes there will be enormous pent-up demand for new vehicles in this region and across the country. We also know how important the show is for consumers navigating the process,” Mark Schienberg, president of the Greater New York Automobile Dealer’s Association, said in a news release. Next year’s show is currently scheduled to open to the press on March 31, 2021, ahead of its traditional 10-day run public run through Easter week. This summer's planned was also canceled after Detroit's TCF Center was also chosen as the site of a temporary medical facility.
https://www.foxnews.com/politics/ron-desantis-florida-covid-dem-states|19 hours ago|Gov. DeSantis touts Florida's coronavirus numbers over Democrat-led states that took 'draconian' measures|criticized states like Michigan and Illinois on Friday, arguing that they imposed "draconian" restrictions only to see worse numbers than his own state. "There are some states that did draconian policies and you see them, and they have spikes," DeSantis, a Republican, said during a press conference in Jacksonville, calling out Democrat-run states. "They have massive spikes in places like Illinois, I mean Michigan has had a lot of problems -- Michigan is half of Florida's size," he said. "They've got, like 5,000-plus fatalities. We have about [2,100,] 2,200 fatalities and we're twice their size." Continuing, he said: "Illinois -- major spikes and they have as stringent policies as you can, so I think that a more moderate approach is more effective with the virus, but I also think it’s more effective at getting people back to work and getting the society functioning again." DeSantis also took aim at New Jersey, a coronavirus hot spot, for placing COVID-19 patients in nursing homes. "Do you do a New York, New Jersey, Michigan, Pennsylvania approach -- which is take a COVID-positive patient out of the hospital and force them back into the nursing home, or do you do what Florida did and said, actually, you cannot return a COVID-positive patient back to the nursing home," DeSantis said. "And the difference is -- when you send the COVID-positive patient back to the nursing home, it spreads in the nursing home to the most vulnerable people in our society -- massive infections, obviously huge numbers of fatalities," he said. According to a recent Associated Press tally, more than 4,300 recovering coronavirus patients were sent to New York’s already vulnerable nursing homes under a controversial state directive that was ultimately scrapped amid criticisms it was accelerating the nation’s deadliest outbreaks. Michigan Gov. Gretchen Whitmer similarly lifted requirements that nursing homes establish special coronavirus units and admit from the hospital patients who were recovering from COVID-19, giving the facilities more flexibility to decide if they can safely isolate people. The , issued late Wednesday, came after the Democrat governor had faced questions from lawmakers in both parties who expressed concerns that non-infected residents were being put at risk. DeSantis has faced pushback from Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer, D-N.Y., who suggested that the Florida governor was "premature" in touting his state's numbers. "Most of the experts say if this is going to come back because we moved too soon, it will take several months before that happens -- July, August, September, October. And to compare New York and Florida is sort of like apples and oranges," he told "The View" on Thursday. "We were the hot spot. We had more coronavirus cases than anybody else, and so I think you’ve got to be careful, and you’ve got to listen to the scientists. I don’t think name-calling of anybody is appropriate, but I do think, you know, getting out there and bragging that everything is fine is premature at best and could be dangerous if the disease comes back, and no one knows. We have had no experience with this virus in the past."
https://www.foxnews.com/world/pompeo-condemns-chinas-law-as-death-knell-for-hong-kong-warns-economic-hardship|20 hours ago|Pompeo condemns China’s law as ‘death knell’ for Hong Kong, warns of economic hardship|on Friday slammed efforts to enact national security legislation in Hong Kong, claiming that such a move would be a "death knell" for the Chinese territory and impact its economic relationship with the U.S. " has flourished as a bastion of liberty," Pompeo said in a statement. "The United States strongly urges Beijing to reconsider its disastrous proposal, abide by its international obligations, and respect Hong Kong's high degree of autonomy, democratic institutions and civil liberties, which are key to preserving its special status under U.S. law." China is eager to pass a law that would ban "treason, secession, sedition and subversion" in Hong Kong. Critics claim the law would strip the city of the rights it currently enjoys because of its semi-autonomous status. said China risked a major flight of capital from Hong Kong that would end the territory's status as the financial hub of Asia. Pompeo and Hassett's comments aren't likely to sit well with Chinese President Xi Jinping or the ruling Communist Party, which have had a prickly relationship with the United States that has further been strained over trade disputes and the Beijing has been hellbent on pushing the measure through and claims "law-based and forceful measures" must be in place to "prevent, stop and punish" protests in the future. Hong Kong was required to introduce security legislation after the handover from British control to China in 1997. While the United States has limited leverage with China over Hong Kong, it could be cut off if the Trump administration determines that the Sino-British Joint Declaration, which was supposed to give the territory 50 years of special status after it reverted to Chinese rule, has been violated. During an interview on Fox Business Network on Friday, Hassett claimed the damage that would come from China's proposal would be mostly self-inflicted. “They’re going to see a lot of economic harm from what they’re doing,” he said, adding that businesses would not want to invest or keep money “in a place where they’re basically sneering at the rule of law.” “And so, I would expect that they’re going to have serious capital flight problems,” Hassett said. “And Hong Kong, if they follow through this, will no longer be the financial center of Asia, and they themselves will bear very, very heavy costs.”
https://www.foxnews.com/media/barstools-dave-portnoy-blasts-dr-fauci-coronavirus-rant|19 hours ago|Barstool's Dave Portnoy blasts Dr. Fauci in new coronavirus rant: 'I'm beginning to think he's senile'|Barstool Sports founder , who was thrust into the national COVID-19 conversation when his went viral last week, blasted Dr. Anthony Fauci in another profanity-laced rant on Friday. “You see these quotes from my guy Fauci? He just said… he says if we stay locked in too long it can cause irreparable damage,” Portnoy said. “He thinks we should start opening the country. What the f--k are we talking about? This is my whole point.” Portnoy was referring to a CNBC interview in which Dr. Fauci said Friday that coronavirus lockdowns could cause “irreparable damage” if enforced for too long. “Fauci, I just did a rant that went viral, literally like last week, because you’re like, ‘If we open up the country everyone is gonna f-----g die,’ I’m paraphrasing but that’s like that he said,” Portnoy said. “Now... the wind blows, and he’s like ‘OK, no no we can’t stay in forever.’ What is it Fauci? Pick a f-----g side. Or at least say you don’t know what the f--k you’re talking about.” Last week, Portnoy's rant stressed that small business owners shouldn’t have to start over because of coronavirus-related shutdowns and guidelines. Portnoy said Friday his “whole point” is that nobody has any idea what they’re talking about when it comes to the coronavirus pandemic. “Wear a mask. Don’t wear a mask. Stay inside. Don’t stay inside,” Portnoy shouted. “If nobody knows anything, then what the f--k are we doing?” The Barstool founder -- who earlier this week told Fox News that by the media -- said Fauci is flip-flopping. "Nobody knows what the f--k’s going on,” Portnoy said. [Fauci] seems like a nice guy, I’m beginning to think he’s senile. You just said, in front of the Senate, if we open up too fast we’re gonna die. Now you said, if we don’t open up fast enough, people are gonna die. Pick a f-----g side, Fauci!”
https://www.foxnews.com/media/dr-drew-pinsky-governors-pushing-lockdowns-following-science|19 hours ago|Dr. Drew Pinsky: Why governors pushing lockdowns are not following the science|Addiction specialist Dr. Drew Pinsky argued on Friday that United States are falsely justifying stay-at-home orders under the pretense of using scientific reasoning to mitigate the spread of the . “There is no science of lockdown, there is not. We don’t have that science. It’s all models, conjecture, theory, this isn’t science,” Pinsky told “ .” Pinsky said there has been "absolutely" an uptick in mental health issues and substance abuse -- especially alcohol -- as people spend weeks in their homes. He disputed the notion that there is settled science behind implementing mass quarantines of healthy people, calling it an unprecedented step. "The idea of quarantining a healthy population has never been done before in human history," said Pinsky, adding that much of the spread of coronavirus has happened in homes and in tight spaces like mass transit. As most states begin to move forward with measures to reopen their economies following strict lockdowns aimed at slowing the spread of the coronavirus, some governors and big-city mayors are now saying the restrictions will not fully be lifted until a vaccine or treatment for the disease is available — a timeline that could take a year or more. President Trump has said that the U.S. will reopen “vaccine or no vaccine,” and told governors in a call Monday that the federal government “will step in if we see something going wrong, or if we disagree” with how states are lifting their lockdown orders aimed at preventing the virus’ spread. “You, too, should expect to continue with this for the foreseeable future,” Murphy said of the state’s coronavirus restrictions, as he outlined when workers might be able to get back to their offices. Michigan Gov. Gretchen Whitmer said that crowds would not be able to gather for professional or college sports in her state until a vaccine is available or there’s a rigorous testing regime in place with signs of herd immunity in the population. “We’re gonna be in a new normal for quite a while. And it doesn’t mean that sports is over,” Whitmer said in a press conference Friday, mentioning a plan being pursued by the MLB to play a shortened season with no fans present. Pinsky said that while the economy is shut down, people are not getting the medical services they need. “People not getting to the hospital, people not getting their elective surgeries, and now the mental health crisis that looms ahead. These have to be measured against any interventions we take for the virus,” Pinsky said. Pinsky said that “it is not healthy to take the livelihood” away from human beings. “Humans need to have a future. They need to be able to plan and move forward,” Pinsky said. “What I’m seeing and what the parents are telling me, the population that is having the most serious reaction: the late childhood and early adolescence. They are really in trouble.” The global lockdown from the coronavirus pandemic has affected the mental health of many, especially children and teenagers, . According to data from athenahealth, children and teenagers that were diagnosed with ADHD for the first time rose 66 percent during March and April, while 41 percent of patient visits among children and teenagers also involved discussion of depression.
https://www.foxnews.com/health/coronavirus-sickens-dozens-of-employees-at-arizona-ups-distribution-center-report|20 hours ago|Coronavirus sickens dozens of employees at Arizona UPS distribution center: report|Some three dozen people working at a UPS distribution center in Arizona have reportedly been sickened with the , according to a local report. At least 36 people — including three who are allegedly in intensive care — have developed a COVID-19 infection after likely being exposed to the novel virus at the Tucson facility, local news station , citing a statement from a local labor union that represents workers at the distribution center. Teamsters Local Union No. 104 also said the facility has brought in people from other states — namely New Mexico, Colorado, and Utah — to help “compensate for disruptions related to the outbreak,” possibly putting workers more at risk, the news station reported, citing the statement. “These are just the ones we know of," Karla Schumann, the principal officer and secretary-treasurer for the union, told KOLD News 13 of the alleged cases. “We try to keep each other up to speed as to what we know when it relates to positives.” She claimed some 700 workers could be at risk of contracting the illness. In a statement, a UPS spokesperson said the company’s “highest priority remains the health and safety of our employees, customers, and suppliers.” “UPS is proud of our employees who are safely serving our customers and communities, delivering life-saving goods and basic necessities each day. Since the pandemic began, people have counted on UPS more than ever before, and our employees have responded with passion and dedication,” the statement reads, according to KOLD News 13. “To help meet the increased demand for residential deliveries during this time, UPS is hiring some additional employees in Tucson for all shifts and across all job types. Our highest priority remains the health and safety of our employees, customers, and suppliers.” Similar instances have been reported at other distribution facilities around the country. For instance, at least 50 Amazon warehouses were impacted by the novel coronavirus in March, according to a
https://www.foxnews.com/lifestyle/couples-las-vegas-wedding-chapels|19 hours ago|Couples are heading for Las Vegas chapels after bigger wedding plans are dashed|The bride wore a white beaded dress and a white cloth face mask that said “Mrs.” in curly black letters. Her new husband, dressed in black, wore one that said “Mr.” Vaughan Chambers and Alicia Funk put the face coverings on shortly after they exchanged vows and kissed in front of a neon-lit sign in a Las Vegas chapel and posed for photos with an Elvis impersonator who officiated at their wedding. The Chicago couple had put their wedding plans on hold in March because of the . But when they realized it would be a long time until they could gather friends and family for a celebration, they decided to go ahead. In early May, they invited a handful of close friends who live near Las Vegas — the self-proclaimed “Wedding Capital of the World” — and bought cheeky face masks for the nuptials. “It’s really nice to have something good in the middle of all of this bad," Funk said. For couples getting married in Sin City’s famous chapels, the vows they make to love each other “in sickness and in health” take on fresh meaning in the time of the coronavirus. Brides and grooms sanitize their hands and get their temperature checked before walking down the aisle. Guests are rare and typically don face masks. And drive-thru weddings are more popular than ever. The few guests who can attend ceremonies keep their distance. Other loved ones who can’t attend sometimes watch via videoconferencing. Funk and Chambers are among more than 1,500 couples who have been issued marriage licenses in Las Vegas since the county clerk’s office reopened on April 27 after closing for nearly six weeks to slow the spread of the virus. “We’re seeing a lot of the kind of traditional, old school elopements with just the couple,” said Melody Williams, executive director of chapel operator Vegas Weddings. “They’ll get back to their big to-do at a later time.” With new safety protocols calling for masks and social distancing at weddings, the clerk's office is issuing about 72 licenses a day — well below the 200 typically issued before the COVID-19 outbreak. Many of those newlyweds prefer drive-thru ceremonies — a speedier service that some chapels were offering long before the coronavirus emerged and businesses began moving transactions outside to keep customers safe in their cars. Williams said her 15-minute drive-thru service is the easiest option for couples that want to marry quickly. "It’s contactless,” she said. “We still try to make it a nice, elegant ceremony as best we can.” Couples can work in personalized vows or a scripture reading and get a video recording of the service, and chapel staff hand out a long-stemmed rose to the bride. Many couples have been scrambling to find rental gowns or tuxedos because the clothes they initially planned to wear may have been stuck in transit or at a shuttered alterations shop. That's what happened to Jennifer Escobar and Luz Sigman of San Francisco, who decided to pick replacement wedding outfits from their closets. They initially planned to marry on May 8 — a date they had engraved on their wedding bands and hoped to keep. But when they couldn't find a county clerk's office closer to the Bay Area that would issue a wedding license, they decided to make the 11-hour drive to Las Vegas. Escobar’s sister and niece who live in Las Vegas joined them for the ceremony, wearing face masks as they watched the special moment. “Everything got canceled but at least we still got to do this,” Escobar said. Escobar said she and her new wife hope to have a reception in October with more family and friends. They're considering making it a masquerade party. “People could still wear masks,” she joked.
https://www.foxnews.com/auto/tickets-nascar-coca-cola-600-7802|20 hours ago|'Tickets' to closed NASCAR Coca-Cola 600 listed for $7,802|In keeping with the restrictions put in place to prevent the spread of the coronavirus, there won’t be any fans in the grandstands at Charlotte Motor Speedway for on Sunday, but there will be a few at the track. High above the . The 1.5-mile oval has a condominium building situated over turn one with apartments that offer panoramic views of the facility. The 40 units are privately owned and often rented out for the race weekend, but a few people live in theirs full-time. Christian Espinoza is one of them, and he’ll be there on race day with four of his close friends, as the HOA that manages the facility has put a capacity limit in place and restricted gatherings outside of the units during the event. The apartments were originally built in 1984 and there are currently two two-bed, two-bath units on the market for over $500,000 each, while one unit is listed on Airbnb for a minimum two-day rental Sunday and Monday for $7,802, including fees.
https://www.foxnews.com/science/nasa-sets-date-to-research-asteroid-bennu-after-coronavirus-pandemic-caused-delays|20 hours ago|NASA sets date to research asteroid Bennu after coronavirus pandemic caused delays|After getting delayed by the pandemic, NASA has finally picked out a date to research samples of the Bennu. The space agency said that it now expects the OSIRIS-REx spacecraft to begin its first attempt at sampling the asteroid on Oct. 20. The initial date was Aug. 25, but that was pushed back because of the pandemic. The second rehearsal, which was initially scheduled for June, will now take place on Aug. 11. "The OSIRIS-REx mission has been demonstrating the very essence of exploration by persevering through unexpected challenges," Thomas Zurbuchen, NASA's associate administrator for science, said in a earlier this week. "That spirit has led them to the cusp of the prize we all are waiting for — securing a sample of an asteroid to bring home to Earth, and I'm very excited to follow them through the home stretch." Since arriving at the asteroid in , OSIRIS-REx (which stands for Origins, Spectral Interpretation, Resource Identification and Security Regolith Explorer) has been observing the space rock and looking for spots to land. It has snapped some incredible of the asteroid and made observations about it that have surprised researchers, including the fact it was . “This mission’s incredible performance so far is a testament to the extraordinary skill and dedication of the OSIRIS-REx team,” said Dante Lauretta, OSIRIS-REx principal investigator at the University of Arizona, Tucson. “I am confident that even in the face of the current challenge, this team will be successful in collecting our sample from Bennu.” In December 2019, prior to the pandemic, NASA the spot where it would land on the asteroid. OSIRIS-REx is expected to begin a two-year journey back to Earth in the middle of 2021 and return with samples in September 2023.
https://www.foxnews.com/health/hydroxychloroquine-chloroquine-linked-to-increased-risk-of-death-in-hospitalized-coronavirus-patients-study-finds|21 hours ago|Hydroxychloroquine, chloroquine linked to increased risk of death in hospitalized coronavirus patients, study finds|A study of hospitalized patients who were treated with hydroxychloroquine – the drug President Trump said he has been taking daily for about two weeks to stave off infection – as well as chloroquine, another drug recently touted as a possible COVID-19 antidote, found an increased risk of death associated with both medications. The findings, focused on exploring the use of hydroxychloroquine or chloroquine both alone and in combination with a second-generation macrolide, and the associated safety and benefit in patients diagnosed with COVID-19. While the drugs are deemed generally safe when prescribed for patients with malaria or an autoimmune disease, little is known about the potential effects they may have in COVID-19 patients. The analysis included data from 671 hospitals across six continents, which pooled together resulted in 96,032 patients who had tested positive for COVID-19 and were hospitalized between Dec. 2019 and April 2020. Of this population,1,868 patients received chloroquine, 3,783 received chloroquine with a macrolide, 3,016 received hydroxychloroquine, and 6,221 received hydroxychloroquine with a macrolide. The other 81,144 patients served as a control group. Patients who had received remdesivir were excluded, as were those who were given the medications 48 hours after being diagnosed or placed on a ventilator. In total, 10,698 patients died while in the hospital. The researchers said that after considering multiple confounding factors when compared with mortality in the control group, hydroxychloroquine, hydroxychloroquine with macrolide, chloroquine, and chloroquine with a macrolide were “independently associated with an increased risk of de-novo ventricular arrhythmia during hospitalization.” Further, the researchers concluded that they were unable to “confirm a benefit of hydroxychloroquine or chloroquine when used alone or with a macrolide, on in-hospital outcomes for COVID-19.” “Each of these drug regimens was associated with decreased in-hospital survival and increased frequency of ventricular arrhythmias when used for treatment of COVID-19,” the researchers wrote. The drugs were thrust into the spotlight by Trump, who said he requested hydroxychloroquine from his physician, Dr. Sean Conley. He said he had been taking it daily, along with a zinc supplement, after the pair decided the potential benefits outweighed the risks. His comments set off a firestorm of controversy among health experts and physicians who urged the public not to take medications unless prescribed by a doctor. the use of the drug outside of hospital settings after receiving reports of “serious heart rhythm problems.” “The FDA is aware of reports of serious heart rhythm problems in patients with COVID-19 treated with hydroxychloroquine or chloroquine, often in combination with azithromycin,” the agency said. “We are also aware of increased use of these medicines through outpatient prescriptions. Therefore, we would like to remind health care professionals and patients of the known risks associated with both hydroxychloroquine and chloroquine.” Another study involving the use of hydroxychloroquine at veterans hospitals found no benefit among COVID-19 patients. The research, which was paid for by grants from the National Institutes of Health and the University of Virginia, evaluated data from 368 COVID-19 patients and found that about 28 percent who were given the drug in addition to the usual care died, versus 11 percent of those who only received routine care. “An association of increased overall mortality was identified in patients treated with hydroxychloroquine alone," the researchers wrote. "These findings highlight the importance of awaiting the results of ongoing prospective, randomized, controlled studies before widespread adoption of these drugs.”
https://www.foxnews.com/media/lamar-alexander-children-should-wear-masks-school-in-fall|20 hours ago|Sen. Lamar Alexander: Children should wear masks as part of broader plan to reopen schools in fall|Access to large-scale will be a key part of returning to classrooms in the fall, Republican stated Friday, saying "children should have on masks" in class. In an interview on with host Sandra Smith, Alexander said that while there are some risks U.S. officials have warned against "cavalierly dismissing," has been generally less damaging to America's youth "even though they may carry it to older people." "So, I think most principals, most school boards are making plans now to go back to school in August because any teacher can tell you there are other risks – the risk of social, intellectual, to a child who might lose an entire school year – and, we want to avoid that," he remarked. Alexander told Smith conditions for reopening would require children wearing masks, social distancing, flexibility in altering and staggering schedules, unions and governments relaxing restrictions to aid schools, smaller classrooms sizes, and more attention to and pneumonia shots. "But, it's the usual things. Social distance, wash your hands, stay apart from one another, and then regular testing," he repeated. "And, if you find a child in a classroom who is , he or she is removed from the classroom, you test all the other children in the classroom and make sure the school is safe." Access to coronavirus testing is essential to any facility housing groups of people, but in classrooms full of kids – especially those in high school and – it will be especially important to try to mitigate the spread of the . , the nation's testing numbers have continued to trend upward this week with about 380,000 tests per day over the week of May 14, up from roughly 320,000 tests a day over the week of May 7. Their figures were based on . That said, although has boasted that America "leads the world in testing" before, other countries have done better reporting . In addition, released Wednesday from the University of Center for Infectious Disease Research and Policy (CIDRAP) suggests that numbers widely reported by states and by the administration show only part of the picture. This week, multiple states admitted they had on diagnostic tests and antibody tests, potentially skewing results. Alexander told Smith he believes there will be enough testing by the beginning of the school year to proceed on schedule, and that numbers of tests would continue to ramp up. "Keep in mind that we are testing this month in May in our country about . That’s twice as much as any other country," he beseeched. "And, if we go up to 40 or 50 million, that’s four to five times more tests by September or October." Alexander also cited the work of National Institutes of Health (NIH) Director Francis Collins, who he believes is pulling out "all the stops ever" to create "tens of millions [of] more tests that are quick, accurate, and get a rapid result." "So, clearly we’re going to be able to test all the teachers, all the cleaning personnel, all the people who come in and out of the school, anyone who has a symptom, a whole class, if the class has one person and who [was] infected, and some schools may be able to test the whole school," he concluded.
https://www.foxnews.com/world/meth-found-hidden-in-coronavirus-mask-and-sanitizer-packages-in-australian|19 hours ago|Meth found hidden in coronavirus mask and sanitizer packages in Australia|Canadian drug smugglers used the pandemic to smuggle methamphetamine in shipments of medical face masks and large bottles of hand sanitizer. The meth was found in two boxes during inspections at a mail sorting facility in Sydney, Australia. Officers opened the COVID-19 care packages from Canada and found boxes of face masks and bottles of hand sanitizer, the Australian Border Force said Friday. The boxes had a false bottom containing a black vacuum-sealed bag containing the meth. Two kilos of the illicit substance were seized. “We know criminals will go to any length to smuggle drugs into the country, so it’s no surprise they’re trying to use in-demand items such as masks and hand sanitizer to hide them in,” ABF Superintendent John Fleming said. “Criminals should know our efforts to secure our border have not stopped because of COVID-19. Sea containers are still being examined and items being sent through the mail centre or air cargo are still being screened. We are continuing to detect and stop illicit substances coming into Australia, no matter how they’re being concealed.
https://video.foxnews.com/v/6158683070001/|__clean_error__|__clean_error__|
https://www.foxnews.com/us/michigan-care-home-patient-75-brutally-beaten-in-attack-caught-on-video-trump-reacts|1 day ago|Michigan care home patient, 75, brutally beaten in attack caught on video; Trump reacts|A shocking video surfacing Thursday showed a 75-year-old care home patient being beaten in a brutal, bloody attack. Reports of the beating, at the Westwood Nursing Center in , drew a response from , who reacted on Twitter. “Is this even possible to believe? Can this be real?” the president wrote. “Where is this nursing home, how is the victim doing?” The graphic video shows a younger man, who authorities said was a 20-year-old patient of the same facility, relentlessly punching the elderly man in his face, dozens of times – both while the elderly man is lying on a bed and while he is seated. “It absolutely shattered my heart. It just broke my heart how anyone could be capable of this kind of brutality,” a Cleveland-area woman who spotted the video on social media and alerted Detroit-area authorities told Detroit’s FOX 2. “How does this guy have free rein to go into other patients’ rooms and physically abuse them and no one is aware of it?” she asked. Police in Detroit, Ann Arbor and other parts of Michigan also received calls from people who found the video online, FOX 2 reported. The Detroit Police Department thanked the public in a Twitter message. "Thank you to everyone for your assistance in bringing the senior home incident to our attention," the department wrote. "The @detroitpolice is investigating the situation and an arrest has been made. Thank you again." Detroit police believe the incident occurred May 15, during a nursing home lockdown that remains in effect because of the , . The tipster told the station she wonders if the beating might have been prevented had the home been accepting visitors under normal conditions. “Honestly, I think if they were receiving visitors this would have been addressed a lot quicker than something like this having to evolve on Twitter,” she said. A law firm representing the care home said the suspect was not a long-term resident of the facility, but someone who was undergoing temporary rehabilitation treatment, Detroit’s WDIV-TV reported. “Westwood has been cooperating with the police and will continue to do so,” the law firm said in a statement, . “The safety, health, and well-being of our residents remains a top priority of Westwood. We will continue to monitor the situation.” The unidentified suspect was arrested and taken to the Detroit Detention Center as the investigation continues, the Detroit Free Press reported. The elderly man was taken to a hospital with non-life-threatening injuries, .
https://www.foxnews.com/media/david-marcus-ny-post-new-york-city-economic-catastrophe-coronavirus|22 hours ago|David Marcus on why NYC must reopen urgently: Leaders not grasping 'economic catastrophe'|leaders seemingly don't understand the magnitude of the -spurred " catastrophe" and need to answer to their residents, said David Marcus, the author of a New York Post cover column that pleaded for the city to urgently reopen. In an interview Friday on the with host Brian Kilmeade, Marcus -- a correspondent for The Federalist -- explained why he penned the . The piece, entitled "End New York City's lockdown now!" contended that what makes the Big Apple home to millions of people -- and magnetic to the rest of the -- is dying under the strain of harsh COVID-19-related measures. Marcus urged elected leaders to stand down and consent to reopen--or else, risk losing the soul of the city for good. "This weekend, actually, I started seeing images of very early in the morning waiting in line at that were, you know, basically running out of food," he stated. "And, you know, I had been frustrated with and , but I really started to get angry because it really brought home the devastation of not only the economic toll [but] the human toll of all these closing, these going away, [and] people not being able to get basic like cancer screening." "And, one doesn't get the sense that the governor and the mayor are taking this very seriously," Marcus added. "They seem to think that people are grumpy because they can't go to brunch. And, they just don't really seem to gather at all the economic catastrophe that we're, you know, staring at right now in New York City." New York City, arguably, has seen worse devastation from this deadly than anywhere else in the world, and a lot of that has to do with its New York City-ness. Your favorite hole-in-the-wall pasta place sits atop an old consignment store and a bodega with three cats. In many ways, the griminess and crowded conditions of public transit, the compact living spaces, and the couple with their elbows resting on both their table and yours during dinner are all a part of New York's charm. Until they're not. About a third of all COVID-19-related deaths have been recorded in the tri-state area and the country passed 94,700 deaths on Friday. The Big Apple of those deaths with more than 200,000 confirmed cases reported. Gov. Andrew Cuomo told reporters on Thursday that there was "no good choice" to make, weighing and personal stress on one hand and the possibility of hospitalization or death on the other. Marcus told Kilmeade "financial stress" is not what New Yorkers are taking on right now. "What we're looking at is not financial stress," he asserted. "What we're looking at is something completely unprecedented in the history of New York City where all of these businesses are not only shut down, many of them are just never going to come back. "Meanwhile, storied institutions in New York City like , ... , clubs, everything that New York City is, why we live here, why people come here, we're apparently being told, 'Well, you might not get those back until there's a vaccine in eight months, a year, two years,'" he pointed out. "What's going on? Who's in charge and when are they going to tell us what the deal is?" asked Marcus. "Do you smell in this?" Kilmeade asked. Marcus said he "absolutely" did. "These Democratic politicians have so much power now that, look, they're [not willing] to give it up," he concluded. "It's a story as old as time."
https://www.foxnews.com/health/coronavirus-related-deaths-in-washington-state-likely-being-underreported-officials-say|21 hours ago|Coronavirus-related deaths in Washington state likely being underreported, officials say|Deaths linked to the are likely being underreported in Washington, say health officials in the Evergreen State. Speaking to reporters on Thursday, officials with the Washington State Department of Health expressed difficulty in adequately tracking the number of COVID-19-related deaths. "There are a number of nuances to the data that we report and often it is very difficult – especially quickly – to make an assessment on the cause of death," Dr. Katie Hutchison, the health statistics manager for the Washington State Department of Health, said, according to "We suspect that we are actually more likely to be undercounting deaths than overcounting them," Hutchison added. As of Friday, the state had more than 18,000 cases of the novel virus, with just over 1,000 COVID-19-related deaths. However, about 20 to 30 additional deaths in the state that are listed from other causes, such as cancer or Alzheimer's disease, and are now being investigated for a possible link to the novel virus, Hutchinson said. Additionally, also not currently included in the state’s COVID-19 death count are roughly 3,000 deaths “where the person’s death certificate indicated symptoms similar to COVID-19, but it’s not clear if COVID-19 actually played a role in the person’s death,” Hutchinson said, as per the news outlet. "Currently, we’re reporting just over 1,000 deaths, I would say that we currently have about a 3 percent variance on that. So, if we were to take our 30 deaths that are questionable – that we have about a 3 percent variance on that. And that is really quite excellent – considering how death certificates are processed," she added. Speculation that coronavirus-related deaths are possibly being underreported in the state falls in line with similar concerns in other areas of the country. Earlier this month, for instance, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) said the coronavirus-associated death count in , with some 5,000 deaths possibly missing from official numbers.
https://www.foxnews.com/us/coronavirus-infects-57-workers-at-new-mexico-meat-plantcoro|21 hours ago|Coronavirus infects 57 workers at New Mexico meat plant|A at a New Mexico meat processing plant has infected 57 workers, according to reports. The Department of Health tested all employees for the virus at the Stampede Meat in Suitland Park, , Texas, reported. Officials said staff members who tested positive have been self-isolating to reduce viral spread at the facility, according to the station. The department was working on disinfecting and providing personal protective equipment for staff. A department spokesman said of the 57 infected workers, 24 were from New Mexico and 33 were from Texas, according to the . "The ownership and management of the Stampede plant continue to be very proactive in working with the New Mexico Department of Health," the department said in a statement, according to the paper. "We are grateful to the company's efforts to provide protection for their employees while remaining open to assure no shortage of food supply." On May 1, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention reported that 4,913 workers at meat and poultry processing facilities in 19 states had tested positive for the novel coronavirus, and 20 had died, the paper reported. "Factors potentially affecting risk for infection include difficulties with workplace physical distancing and hygiene and crowded living and transportation conditions," the report further stated. “We are pleased that the New Mexico Department of Health brought onsite expedited COVID-19 testing to our Sunland Park facility, so every employee could be tested to reduce any potential exposure to our employees,” Sunland Meat President and CEO Brock Furlong said. The company said only a few of those who tested positive for the virus exhibited symptoms.
https://www.foxnews.com/entertainment/tom-hanks-corona-diploma-graduates|21 hours ago|Tom Hanks offers 2020 graduates special diploma during the pandemic: 'You have displayed honor, dedication'|is once again leading by example during the . After the Academy Award-winning actor delivered a , he went a step further by designing and signing (along with Albert Einstein) a special pandemic-themed diploma. "To all the Grads of 2020, you Chosen Ones! Print this up on a sheepskin! Hanx," he wrote on Twitter alongside a photo of the diploma. The special document reads: "Distinct labors in the face of the Great Pandemic. Successful completion of your education despite the hardships imposed by the COVID-19 crisis. You have displayed honor, dedication, wherewithal and good citizenship." To lighten up the moment, Hanks also posted a photo of his 1974 senior year high school photo. In early May, he gave an inspiring for the Class of 2020 at Ohio's Wright State University Department of Theatre, Dance and Motion Picture. "I am calling you 'chosen ones' because you have been chosen in many ways. First, by the temperament and discipline, you've lived by. By the creative fires that are inside of you. And the instinctive lunges of your desires," Hanks said. The 63-year-old added, "You succeeded because of the aid and the love of others that are in your lives, without a doubt. But you have succeeded mostly because you and you alone chose to do so. You are the chosen ones." "Part of your lives will forever be identified as 'before' in the same way other generations tell time like, 'Well, that was before the war,' or 'That was before the Internet,' or 'That was before Beyoncé.' The word 'before' is going to carry great weight with you," he continued. Hanks reassured the class that there will also be an "after" and although the nation is uncertain of its future now, we must persevere. "You will have made it through a time of great sacrifice and great need and no one will be more fresh to the task of restarting our measure of normalcy than you, you chosen ones," he said. The entertainer and his wife, Rita Wilson, after they were diagnosed with the virus in March while filming his next movie in Australia. After a short hospitalization and many weeks of isolation, he and Wilson and have been doing well during their recovery process. In an effort to help find a vaccine, the couple donated in April.
https://www.foxnews.com/tech/army-adapts-warfare-designed-thermal-imaging-to-war-on-coronavirus|20 hours ago|Army adapts warfare-designed thermal imaging to war on coronavirus|The has adapted emerging high-speed thermal imaging goggles to help dismounted infantry engage in close-in, crossfire combat to save lives in the service’s war on . The Army’s Soldier Lethality Cross Functional Team said prototype models of the -engineered goggles are being used to quickly take the temperature of soldiers in training. “The system is being employed today to rapidly assess the temperature of hundreds of Soldiers each day as they prepare for training on an installation that hosts thousands of Soldiers in dozens of courses, including basic training and Ranger School,” said the Army . Interestingly, the fast-developing , which includes imaging goggles and thermal weapons sights, is intended for a range of significant uses in warfare, providing tactical advantages to soldiers on the move in close-quarter combat. “All your blue force trackers are woven into that augmented reality ... you operate with it, you train with it. It is a pretty amazing capability. There is a really unique way we are developing it,” Gen. John Murray, Commanding General of Army Futures Command, said in a recent interview with Warrior Maven. The IVAS developmental trajectory involves three-week exercises with collaborative efforts between soldiers and engineers, mostly from Joint Base Lewis-McChord in Washington state. Murray described the process as “three-week sprints.” Murray explained that the close-in nature of the training required to evolve the technology is not feasible to a large extent given the need for social distancing due to the . “That has been going on for a year and a half. It is very difficult when you have to be six feet apart. So that is slipping a little bit,” Murray explained. The developmental effort has slipped a little, in part, due to supply-chain challenges as well, particularly those involving subcontractors and what Murray called “dual-use” suppliers. Smaller suppliers, such as firms with roughly 15 people or so, can be especially hard hit. “If one of them gets infected the company effectively shuts down for 14 days. Industry is doing a phenomenal job keeping their eye on their subs,” Murray said in the interview with Warrior Maven. Murray and Brig. Gen. David Hodne, Commandant of the Army’s Infantry School, said the delivery schedule for IVAS nonetheless remains on track to start fielding in 2021, despite some of the supply chain issues wrought by COVID-19. The Army’s Program Executive Officer Soldier, which operates with the service’s Rapid Equipping Force, is also deploying thermal-imaging sensors in the war on COVID. The REF plans to deploy thermal sensors throughout a number of high-threat areas, including the Washington, D.C. area. “Screening only takes a few seconds to measure temperature at a distance of 6-to-8 feet using a forward looking infrared sensor mounted on a tripod. If an elevated temperature is detected, individuals receive a secondary screening with a non-contact forehead thermometer. If a secondary screening confirms an elevated temperature, the individual will be encouraged to seek further screening with a medical provider,” the Army states.
https://www.foxnews.com/world/coronavirus-open-church-clean-catholic|22 hours ago|Vatican issues guidance on cleaning as churches reopen: 'New reality'|As churches begin to reopen amid the pandemic, the released guidelines for cleaning churches and sacred objects in a "new reality." Houses of worship shut their doors due to stay-at-home orders to prevent the spread of COVID-19, but as they prepare to reopen, new protocols are being put in place. The Pontifical Council for Culture, a Vatican department responsible for fostering relationships between the Church and other cultures, on handling, cleaning and disinfecting sites. It forbade the use of "bleach, ammonia, and detergents," but recommended isolation of objects that could not be cleaned, if necessary, for up to 14 days. "Above all and most importantly, common sense must prevail," the council said. The Archdiocese of New York released its phase-in plan Thursday in response to the guidelines, including limiting attendance to 10 and offering masks to parishioners, reports. Some churches have done deep cleaning, but the council doesn't recommend this for churches or chapels because "after a month of closure, the existence of the virus in such spaces is unlikely." Cleaning procedures should be in place for exteriors of display cases or other objects "touched by the faithful." After each Mass, floors should be cleaned and disinfected. "It is recommended that it be maintained permanently, once the new reality that awaits us has returned, in order to avoid the future diffusion of any pathogen," the guidance reads. Priests should wear disposable gloves and a masks when touching "elements of the heritage," such as church furnishings or artifacts, and "in no event should a work of art, a historical or documentary element be disinfected."
https://www.foxnews.com/health/ww2-veteran-100-beats-coronavirus-after-losing-wife-to-illness|22 hours ago|WWII veteran, 100, beats coronavirus after losing wife to illness|A 100-year-old World War II veteran from Virginia who lost his wife to was finally discharged from the hospital after a 58-day battle of his own with COVID-19. Lloyd Falk, who was hospitalized at Henrico Doctors’ Hospital in Richmond, was released on Monday to the sound of cheers and applause by staff who helped care for him. Falk was first admitted to the hospital on March 24 as one of the facility’s first COVID-19 positive patients, according to a Facebook post. “Despite losing his wife of 74 years to the virus a few weeks ago, Mr. Falk continued to stay strong, defying the odds and surviving his fight against COVID-19,” Henrico, Parham & Retreat Doctors’ Hospitals, wrote on Facebook. “This afternoon, the care team at HCA Healthcare’s Henrico Doctors’ Hospital honored Mr. Falk and his late wife, lining up the hallways and cheering him on as he was wheeled out of the hospital to begin his rehabilitation and recovery.” Falk’s daughter, whose identity was not revealed in the video shared by the hospital, said she couldn’t thank the hospital staff enough. “I really thought so many times he was gone, I really did, and he just popped back up,” she told a staffer. “Thank you for everything, all the tests and everything you’ve done for my father and also helping him through losing his wife of 74 years, it was hard on him.” She continued thanking her staff and marveling at the fact that her 100-year-old father was able to overcome the virus. “For the most part you’ve been so helpful, I really do appreciate it,” Falk himself said in the video. Virginia has seen over 34,950 cases of coronavirus, resulting in 1,136 deaths. The state is currently mulling a mask mandate, following the example of several others across the country. Gov. Ralph Northam said on Wednesday that the state would enforce such a policy if the cases continued to rise. Currently the state’s health department encourages facial coverings while out in public, but it is not mandated.
https://www.foxnews.com/us/florida-man-faces-terrorism-charge|22 hours ago|Florida man faces terrorism charge after allegedly coughing at, spitting on police while claiming to have coronavirus|A man is now facing a federal terrorism charge and up to five years in prison after he was accused of coughing and spitting on police officers while claiming to be infected with the . James Jamal Curry, 31, was served an indictment by a federal grand jury in Tampa Wednesday for , the Associated Press reported. St. Petersburg police officers responded to a domestic violence call involving Curry on March 27, according to court documents. During his arrest, Curry declared that he was infected with COVID-19 and coughed on an officer’s arm, police said. Curry bonded out of jail the following day, and police were called later to the same residence where Curry had been arrested a day earlier. During his second arrest, Curry spit on an officer multiple times, hitting the inside of her mouth with blood-filled saliva, prosecutors said. Curry again claimed to have the coronavirus, laughed and announced that he was spreading it. Law enforcement eventually obtained a warrant to test Curry for COVID-19, and the result was negative. Curry's attorney, Samuel Landes, told the Associated Press in an email that prosecutors are stretching a law meant for terrorists to cover a run-of-the-mill police encounter. “The United States Attorney’s position in this case would make each of the millions of COVID-19 patients ‘in possession’ of a biological weapon,” Landes said. Curry faces up to 5 years in federal prison if convicted.
https://video.foxnews.com/v/6158647521001/|__clean_error__|__clean_error__|
https://www.foxnews.com/science/uk-coronavirus-vaccine-trial-progressing-very-well-recruiting-children-older-adults|23 hours ago|UK coronavirus vaccine trial is 'progressing very well,' recruiting children and older adults|A vaccine trial at Oxford University in the U.K. is “progressing very well,” according to researchers involved in the project. “The clinical studies are progressing very well and we are now initiating studies to evaluate how well the vaccine induces immune responses in older adults, and to test whether it can provide protection in the wider population,” said Professor Andrew Pollard, head of the Oxford Vaccine Group, in a released Friday. “We are very grateful to the huge support of the trial volunteers in helping test whether this new vaccine could protect humans against the pandemic coronavirus.” The same investigational vaccine six monkeys from pneumonia caused by the virus. The ChAdOx1 nCoV-19 vaccine is made from the ChAdOx1 virus, a weakened version of the common cold that has been genetically changed so that it is impossible for it to replicate in humans, according to the Oxford researchers. Researchers have started recruiting in the next phase of human trials for the COVID-19 vaccine. The Phase I trial in healthy adult volunteers began in April and more than 1,000 immunizations have been completed, the researchers said, noting that follow-up is currently ongoing. Fox News has reached out to Oxford University and the Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency with a request for comment. The MHRA oversees drug trials in the U.K. “The next study will enroll up to 10,260 adults and children and will involve a number of partner institutions across the country,” they explained in the statement. Phase II of the study will involve a small number of older adults aged 56 to 59 and over 70, as well as children aged 5 to 12. “For these groups, researchers will be assessing the immune response to the vaccine in people of different ages, to find out if there is variation in how well the immune system responds in older people or children,” the researchers said. “Adult participants in both the Phase II and Phase III groups will be randomized to receive one or two doses of either the ChAdOx1 nCoV-19 vaccine or a licensed vaccine (MenACWY) that will be used as a ‘control’ for comparison.” Phase III of the study will assess how the vaccine works in a large number of people over the age of 18. “This group will assess how well the vaccine works to prevent people from becoming infected and unwell with COVID-19,” they said in the statement. To assess whether the vaccine works, Oxford’s statisticians will compare the number of infections in the control group to the number of infections in the vaccinated group. “For this purpose, it is necessary for a small number of study participants to develop COVID-19,” they said. “How quickly we reach the numbers required will depend on the levels of virus transmission in the community. If transmission remains high, we may get enough data in a couple of months to see if the vaccine works, but if transmission levels drop, this could take up to 6 months.” Earlier this week, the U.K.’s Business Secretary Alok Sharma that the Oxford vaccine trial, if successful, could deliver 30 million doses by September. With 252,246 cases and 36,124 deaths the U.K. is one of the most impacted countries by the coronavirus pandemic. A number of efforts to develop a coronavirus vaccine are underway around the world. Scientists at Israel’s Tel Aviv University and biopharmaceutical company Neovii, for example, recently a project to develop a vaccine. Experts involved in the effort say that they are targeting the "Achilles heel" of coronavirus. As of Friday morning, more than 5.12 million coronavirus cases have been diagnosed worldwide, at least 1,577,785 of which are in the U.S., according to data compiled by Johns Hopkins University. The disease has accounted for at least 333,489 deaths around the world, including at least 94,729 people in the U.S.
https://www.foxnews.com/sports/capital-one-the-match-what-to-know-about-the-golf-event|22 hours ago|Capital One's The Match: What to know about the golf event|Capital One’s The Match: Champions for Charity is a PGA Tour-sanctioned event set to take place between the teams of and Peyton Manning against Phil Mickelson and . WarnerMedia and the golfers participating in the event will make a $10 million donation to coronavirus relief. There will also be other challenges on the course for charity. Michelob ULTRA also announced it would buy a six-pack of beer for everyone 21 years or older if anyone hits a hole-in-one during The Match. Here are other things to know about the event. ** The event is set to take place on May 24 with coverage beginning at 3 p.m. ET. ** Tiger Woods and Phil Mickelson are participating in a rematch of the 2018 Thanksgiving event, which was initially on pay-per-view but was later streamed for free and took place in Las Vegas. Mickelson won the event after 18 holes and an additional four playoff holes. This time, Woods will be paired with Peyton Manning and Mickelson with Tom Brady. The match will be a pro-am four-ball format taking place at Medalist Golf Club in Hobe Sound, Fla. ** Fans can watch the match on TNT, TBS, TruTV and HLN. Charles Barkley, Trevor Immelman, Brian Anderson, Amanda Ballonis and Justin Thomas are a part of the broadcasting team. ** Woods and Manning are favored (-200) over Mickelson and Brady (+175). Manning (-150) is favored over Brady (+130) to score the most birdies while Woods (-120) is favored over Mickelson (+100) in the same category.
https://www.foxnews.com/politics/biden-warns-economic-recovery-from-coronavirus-is-a-long-way-away|22 hours ago|Biden warns economic recovery from coronavirus ‘a long way away’|predicts that a recovery for the shut down to slow the spread of “is a long way away as I see it right now.” The made his comments in an interview on CNBC’s "Squawk Box" on Friday morning, a day after new figures showed that nearly 40 million Americans have filed for unemployment in the past nine weeks. Biden’s comments stand in contrast to those from who has optimistically predicted the nation’s economy will quickly come roaring back. “This country is poised for an epic comeback. This is going to be an incredible comeback. Watch, it’s already happening,” the president touted on Thursday as he visited a Ford Motor Company plant in Michigan that’s been converted to making respirators for hospitals on the front lines against the coronavirus. The president and his leading economic advisers – encouraged by the relative steadiness in the stock market and some recent other indicators – have publicly expressed confidence in the past few days that the economy will soar in the second half of this year despite the historic surge in unemployment and the shuttering of many small businesses across the country. White House economist Kevin Hassett told reporters on Monday that he was “pretty depressed about how bad it looked a few weeks ago, but you can really see it turning on faster than I thought." Biden, in his interview, emphasized that “the vast majority of American people who are suffering right now, they don’t measure their public health, their physical security and their economic stability based on the market.” The former vice president also reiterated his pledge to raise the capital gains rates for wealthy Americans and to reverse the signed into law by Trump in 2017 after being passed by a Congress that at the time was controlled by the GOP. “My tax policy is based on a simple proposition, which is stop rewarding wealth and start rewarding work a little bit. Let’s raise the capital gains tax on people making over $1 million a year to ordinary income. Let’s reverse the Trump tax cut. Imagine if we had that $2 trillion now as we go into, God willing, a recovery, which is a long way away as I see it right now.” Biden also pledged that “nobody making under $400,000 will have their taxes raised. Period.” The president’s handling of the coronavirus crisis and the cratering economy are currently the top issues as Trump runs for reelection in November. A new released on Thursday indicates the president with a 3-point edge over his Democratic challenger when it comes to handling the economy, but shows Biden with a 9-point advantage over the GOP incumbent in the White House when it comes to which candidate would do a better job handling the coronavirus outbreak. The survey also indicates Biden with a 48-40 percent lead over Trump in the general election matchup.
https://www.foxnews.com/health/new-mexico-sees-first-human-west-nile-case-of-the-year|1 day ago|New Mexico sees first human West Nile case of the year|With more than 6,000 confirmed cases of the novel coronavirus, New Mexico officials are now seeing the start of another in the state: West Nile virus. The New Mexico Department of Health in a announced the state’s first human case of the mosquito-borne West Nile virus in a man in his 50s from San Juan County. “He was diagnosed with the neuroinvasive form of the disease, which has required hospitalization, and he is now recovering,” said health officials. No other details were provided. West Nile virus — which was in the U.S. in 1999 — is typically spread by infected mosquitoes. Though side effects can be severe, most people who are infected experience little to no symptoms and fully recover. A small percentage of people infected with West Nile virus — roughly 1 in 5 — develop a fever and may additionally experience headaches, body aches, vomiting, diarrhea, or a rash, among other side effects. Even rarer, about 1 in 150 people who are infected with the mosquito-linked ailment can develop a serious illness, such as inflammation of the spinal cord or brain, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC). people who are older, as well as those with pre-existing medical conditions, are more susceptible to the virus. There is no vaccine or treatment to prevent the disease, though there are preventive steps to lessen the risk of being bitten by a mosquito in the first place. For instance, the New Mexico Department of Health advises to: “At a time where all of us are focused on COVID-19, we still must remember common seasonal viruses like West Nile,” said Department of Health Secretary Kathy Kunkel in a statement. “West Nile virus can be a serious health concern anywhere in New Mexico where mosquitoes are active.” Last year, New Mexico saw 40 cases of West Nile virus, including four virus-related fatalities, according to officials.
https://www.foxnews.com/health/mom-blames-coronavirus-after-teen-develops-body-rash-inflamed-organs|23 hours ago|Mom blames coronavirus after teen develops body rash, inflamed organs|A 13-year-old in the U.K. is being tested for after she developed a widespread rash, severe pain and inflamed organs, her mother told South West News Service (SWNS). Grace Havens, who was diagnosed with Henoch-Schonlein Purpura, first complained of stomach issues in February. “I personally believe COVID-19 is responsible for the severity of it,” Rachel Havens, the teen’s mom, told SWNS. “It won’t change anything for Grace – at the end of the day, I believe she had it, but it’s not going to change anything because we are where we are.” Health officials in 13 countries are investigating a spate of illnesses popping up in children that they believe is potentially linked to the novel coronavirus. It’s been compared to a Kawasaki disease-like syndrome, prompting the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) to issue an advisory on the illness dubbed Multisystem Inflammatory Syndrome in Children (MIS-C) associated with COVID-19. It can cause areas of the body to become inflamed including the heart, lungs, kidneys, brain, skin, eyes, or gastrointestinal organs. Other symptoms include fever, abdominal pain, vomiting, diarrhea, neck pain, rash, bloodshot eyes, fatigue, trouble breathing, pain or pressure in the chest, confusion, inability to wake, and bluish lips or face. Most children who contract the illness will require hospital care. There have been several fatalities as a result of the illness, but the exact origin remains unknown. “We do not yet know what causes MIS-C,” the health agency said. “However, we know that many children with MIS-C had the virus that causes COVID-19, or had been around someone with COVID-19. MIS-C can be serious, even deadly, but most children who were diagnosed with this condition have gotten better with medical care.” In Havens’ case, doctors at Gloucestershire Royal Hospital reportedly suspected a case of appendicitis, but when that was determined not to be the case, she was sent home, SWNS reported. On March 5, she returned to the hospital, where she remained for four weeks before being transferred to Bristol Royal Hospital for Children for an additional three-week stay, according to the report. She is now dealing with a kidney condition but has been discharged to continue recovering at home. “While we are told the majority of children will be unharmed by COVID-19, there appears to be a number who are randomly but severely affected,” her mom told SWNS. “This is why I felt we should share our daughter’s story, with the aim of raising awareness in the hope that as science progresses, less lives will be affected.” On Thursday, New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo cited the new illnesses striking in children as a reason for moving summer school to remote learning and said it was too early to decide on what to do with summer camps as well as the fall semester. The state is currently investigating 157 cases of the illness.
https://www.foxnews.com/health/work-life-after-coronavirus-could-pose-serious-threat-report-says|23 hours ago|Office life after coronavirus could pose serious health threats, report says|Aside from more health threats may be lurking at empty office buildings upon workers’ eventual return. Sizeable office buildings across the globe remain shuttered as the coronavirus pandemic drones on. Many sinks haven’t dispersed tap water in more than two months and toilets have not been flushed. The stagnant water in plumbing systems can lead to a buildup of harmful bacteria if not properly managed by facilities managers, according to . Particularly worrisome is Legionella bacteria, which can cause , a serious type of pneumonia, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC). Those at greater risk include people with weakened immune systems, current or former smokers, and those over 50 years old, among other precursors, according to the CDC. After the bacteria multiplies in a building’s water system, people can breathe in water droplets containing Legionella. Though less common, people can also get sick if, while drinking water containing Legionella, water accidentally goes into the lungs, the CDC notes. In 2018, health departments reported almost 10,000 cases of Legionnaires' disease in the U.S. One challenge facing property managers in addressing water safety may be “incomplete and inconsistent guidance from regulators and health authorities,” according to the report. on water quality in shutdown buildings says “health officials, building owners, utilities and other entities are rapidly developing guidance” for the potential safety issues. “Not all of the guidelines are created equal,” Caitlin Proctor, a postdoctoral fellow at Purdue who helped conduct the study, told the newspaper. “The original CDC guidelines only covered certain systems.” Proctor said coronavirus patients and survivors could be more vulnerable to the disease.
https://www.foxnews.com/health/next-pandemic-mental-health-crisis-spawned-coronavirus-fears-ock-down|23 hours ago|Mental health crisis spawned by coronavirus fears and lockdown could be next pandemic|It’s poised to be the next pandemic: a crisis, induced not only by the trauma of the but the ramifications of lengthy lockdowns, lost livelihoods and exacerbated stress, isolation and addiction. The COVID-19 pandemic, which has shuttered much of the U.S. economy for more than two months, infected 1.6 million Americans and claimed the lives of at least 94,000, is what medical experts have defined as a “perfect storm” for an already in-motion mental health calamity. “Since the lockdown, the center has seen a rise in depression cases involving loneliness, hopelessness and suicidal ideation. Anxiety in cases of agoraphobia appears to be more present as well,” Laura Rhodes-Levin, a licensed professional counselor and founder of The Missing Peace Center for Anxiety, told Fox News. “Those struggling with obsessive-compulsive disorder and germaphobia are experiencing heightened senses of fear and discomfort. In this time of isolation, overeating is a severe concern, as well as alcohol consumption and drug use.” According to a recent poll by the , almost half of the U.S. population claims that the protracted crisis is hindering their mental health. Last month, a federal emergency hotline for those experiencing psychological affliction documented a 1,000 percent increase in calls compared to April 2019, and digital counseling service Talkspace claim their clientele has soared 65 percent since the early days on the public health crisis in February. And with unemployment rates skyrocketing by the day, such grim statistics are expected only to rise at an alarming rate. Over the past nine weeks, jobless filings have reached 38.6 million, and U.S. Labor Department officials expect the number could hit 20 percent by the month’s end. Dr. Meghan Marcum, chief psychologist at A Mission for Michael, a resource for intensive mental health treatment in Southern California, said that “there is a very fine line between taking the necessary measures to mitigate a highly infectious disease while being mindful of the negative effects it will have on mental health.” With that comes steep concerns of escalating suicide numbers nationwide. Even before the coronavirus crisis, the issue was of growing concern. The National Center for Health Statistics recently reported that the suicide rate nationwide rose 35 percent between 1999 and 2018, but a clearer picture of the pandemic’s suicide ripple effect won’t be fully realized for several months, as medical professionals have to meticulously investigate each death to determine its cause. Dr. Roger McIntyre, a professor of Psychiatry and Pharmacology and the CEO of AltMed, observed that online pharmaceutical service Express Scripts has recently reported a 40 percent increase in a prescription of pills for anxiety, a 20 percent increase in prescriptions for depression pills and a 50 percent increase in sleeping pills. “We have also seen an increase in the number of people who are reaching out to our depression center seeking care," he said. "There is no doubt we are going to see an increase in depression, post-traumatic stress, anxiety disorders, as well as suicide and, we're seeing all of that. What’s concerning is that many people, despite the increased need, do not have access to the care.” The long-term effects of the pandemic, McIntyre surmised, will be influenced by the degree of economic recovery. “The longer that there is unemployment, the longer there will be mental distress and increased risk of suicide,” he continued. “Suicide is highly linked to unemployment in financial insecurity: for every 1 percent increase in unemployment [there] will be a 1 percent increase in suicide. [According to] our in the journal World Psychiatry, we are projecting an increase of between 8,000 and 10,000 additional suicides in the United States as a consequence of the pandemic.” Red flags have also been raised with regard to addiction relapses, compounded by stay-home orders, loss of loved ones and financial collapse. This past March, the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration (SAMHSA) saw a 338 percent uptick in calls to their hotline compared to February. “Mental health does not discriminate. With this pandemic happening and all diversities being affected, many people across all social classes will be impacted, the hardest hitting low income who cannot afford or find the proper help,” said Tim Ryan, recovery advocate for Rehab.com. “Many people left untreated—left in their own mental health world of hell, suicides are on the rise, people will be trying to self-medicate with drugs and/or alcohol, self-harm and loss of housing and total life skills. There will be more dysfunction in family homes.” Adding to the anxiety this month has been the emanation of severe illnesses in several minors. While children were initially thought to be relatively immune to the disease, strange occurrences have prompted doctors to believe otherwise. In addition, this takes a severe toll on those forced to care for their young and sustain jobs and livelihoods where possible. “Anxiety, stress, obsessive thinking, paranoia, depression, and thoughts of suicide have greatly increased among individuals with and without previous mental health issues. People who normally don’t regularly drink alcohol have turned to drinking daily in order to numb the stress of multitasking,” said clinical psychologist, Shannon Kroner. “I have personally spoken to many mothers who have turned to day drinking in order to just get through a day of helping their kids with schoolwork, keeping the house clean, making sure everyone is fed, and trying to keep up with their jobs through teleconferences and zoom calls.” Add in multiple children in different grades, or an infant, or a child with special needs, and the stress can be overwhelming to any parent, Kroner pointed out. Additionally, marriages are being strained due to sharing the same space 24 hours a day, seven days a week with a partner, especially if there are also children involved. The elderly, who are most at-risk of dying from coronavirus, have mostly been forced into debilitating isolation, and front-line medical workers, despite the outpouring of gratitude from communities for their tireless effort in combating coronavirus and saving lives, are also among those most at risk of severe mental health consequences. Exacerbating their tensions is the notion that frontline workers face losses and are not afforded the time off to mourn and recuperate. A study published by the Journal of the American Medical Association regarding the mental health outcomes of health care workers attending to coronavirus patients in China highlighted that more than 70 percent reported psychological distress, 50 percent reported symptoms of depression and anxiety, and 34 percent experienced insomnia. “I’ve been much more irritable and have had disrupted sleep. Many people at the hospital are stressed both with the COVID and the financial impacts on the hospital. Many nurses have been furloughed,” one Tennessee-based emergency room doctor, who requested his name not be published given hospital constraints in talking to the press, said. “General stress and anxiety are elevated in everyone.” And that stress is leading to losses of life. For one, Dr. , a top emergency room physician treating coronavirus patients at Manhattan’s NewYork-Presbyterian Allen Hospital, died by suicide late last month. That same week, a Florida nurse, William Coddington, who was said to be grappling with isolation and trauma amid the coronavirus fight, was found dead in a hotel parking lot. And the longer the crisis remains, the more challenging it will be for these pivotal professionals to sustain the long hours and concentration that is demanded from them. Furthermore, law enforcement organizations are also speaking out with regard to the ongoing toll the virus is taking in their community. More than 51 police officers from 13 different states have succumbed to the novel pathogen, according to compiled by Police One. And while states are steadily starting to open their crippled economies once again as summer approaches, governments are scrambling to contend with the double-whammy of the growing mental health calamity. A published earlier this month by the United Nations underscored that “decades of neglect and underinvestment in addressing people’s mental health needs have been exposed by the COVID-19 pandemic,” and called on leaders to make stronger commitments “in the way they treat psychological illness, amid a potential global spike in suicides and drug abuse.” Fragmented efforts are being made in hard-hit states such as New York, which has teamed up with the Department of Defense to train 1,000 counselors to better tend to combat-like stress while neighboring New Jersey has deployed a “Check You, Check Two” initiative, encouraging medical staff to attend to touch base with two colleagues daily, in addition to committing $2 million in federal grants to bolster its telehealth counseling services offered through Rutgers University’s Behavioral Health Care. Meanwhile, the federal mental health czar is calling for more money to broaden services to help Americans struggling, with Dr. Elinore McCance-Katz, assistant secretary at Department of Health and Human Services and head of the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Administration, signaling that deaths from alcohol, drug overdose and suicide could surpass 150,000 if not adequately addressed. And many experts say there is much more that could – and should – be done. “Houses of worship should be opened immediately. Why are liquor stores and marijuana dispensaries considered essential, yet churches, temples, and mosques are not? People under large amounts of stress need a place to go to feel safe,” Kroner advocated. “Speaking to a pastor, priest, rabbi, or imam is important to many religious individuals during uncertain times such as these. In order to slow the increase of mental health issues, our government should not make it a crime to pray or enjoy the outdoors.” Masha Pearl, executive director to New York-based charity The Blue Card, which provides aid to trauma victims and holocaust survivors, emphasized that they have witnessed a sharp increase in alcohol consumption and substance abuse, which in turn is weakening immune systems and making one more susceptible to a severe case of the novel pathogen. “Governments ought to create a mental health outreach plan that does not wait for an individual to call a hotline or send an email requesting help. It would be most effective for primary care physicians and mental health providers to proactively reach out to their patient list and check-in regarding mental health,” she asserted. “Mental health providers should not be compensated by the patient during this time but by the government.” But among the doom and gloom, medical professionals are also hoping Americans can manage to find some silver linings. “Cure cannot be worse than a pandemic itself. People are touching their limits and are unable to handle current circumstances. It’s already been really long. There are many positives for mental health out of this crisis though,” conjectured Weronika Rogowska, Los Angeles-based psychologist and life coach. “There is an opportunity in every situation. Probably many inventions are already born. People had a lot of time to get creative. When everything comes back to normality, we all going to be determined and motivated.” And Rhodes-Levin concurred. “I am hoping for some positive long-term effect in which people have had time to reprioritize what is important to them, such as spending time with family and cherishing the smaller things that have been difficult to attain rather than taking these things for granted,” she added. “This is the largest crisis that this generation has seen since World War II. It will be interesting to see which practices bounce back to normal and what will be changed forever.”
https://video.foxnews.com/v/6158591834001/|__clean_error__|__clean_error__|
https://video.foxnews.com/v/6158642784001/|__clean_error__|__clean_error__|
https://www.foxnews.com/media/dan-patrick-democrats-mail-in-voting-steal-votes|23 hours ago|Texas Lt. Gov. Dan Patrick: Mail-in voting is 'scam' by Democrats to steal votes|As rages over the use of mail-in voting in the upcoming presidential election, Texas Lt. Governor Dan Patrick warned on Friday that when there is an opportunity to steal a vote, will take advantage of it. “They talk about safety for those 65 years or older. Well, the Centers for Disease Control put out a report last weekend that 80 percent of those who died from the coronavirus is 80 [years and older] and some states it is 85 [years and older],” Patrick told “ .” Meanwhile, House Speaker on Wednesday night touted a $3.6 billion vote-by-mail proposal – which she rechristened “Voting at Home” – and defended a planned $25 billion bailout for the U.S. Postal Service. Pelosi talked about the legislation during an appearance on MSNBC just hours after President Trump warned the states of and against implementing absentee-ballot and vote-by-mail plans, arguing the proposals were illegal and . In both cases, the president threatened to withhold federal dollars from the states if they went ahead with their plans. The legality of using mail ballots is already the basis of a lawsuit in Texas, in which a federal judge in allowing the forms to be sent out to voters. Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton immediately announced his office was appealing the ruling to the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals. Meantime, Trump has repeatedly criticized the Postal Service, calling it a “joke” and claiming it undercharges online retail giants such as Amazon. The president has said he will not support any bailout legislation for the Postal Service if the organization does not raise its service rates to generate more revenue. But in an interview on MSNBC’s “The Last Word,” Pelosi stressed that the Democrats’ vote-by-mail proposal was aimed at making voting more convenient and safe for Americans amid the coronavirus pandemic – allowing them to participate in elections from home without exposing themselves to risk of contracting the virus. Patrick said that there is already mail-in voting available for any senior citizen 65 years and older. “We’re protecting that population. There is no reason that anyone under 65 should be able to say that I am afraid to go vote. Have they been to a grocery store, Walmart, Lowe’s, Home Depot, have they been anywhere? Have they been afraid to go out of their house?” Patrick asked. “This is a scam by the Democrats to steal the election," he said, pointing to a former Democratic elections judge for his role in accepting bribes to cast fraudulent ballots and certifying false voting results in primary elections in . Domenick J. Demuro, 73, admitted that while serving as an elected municipal Judge of Elections, he accepted bribes in exchange for adding ballots for certain candidates on the voting machines in his jurisdiction and for including the fraudulent ballots in official tallies during the 2014, 2015 and 2016 in Philadelphia.
https://video.foxnews.com/v/6158661839001/|__clean_error__|__clean_error__|
https://video.foxnews.com/v/6158630132001/|__clean_error__|__clean_error__|
https://www.foxnews.com/us/man-sought-for-questioning-in-18-year-old-ohio-womans-disappearance|1 day ago|Man sought for questioning in 18-year-old Ohio woman's disappearance|A man with a scruffy beard is being sought for questioning in the of an 18-year-old Ohio woman. Madison Bell, of Greenfield, vanished Sunday after telling her mother she was going to a tanning salon that had reopened after easing statewide lockdown measures. The man being sought owns a white Mazda, deputies with the Highland County Sheriff’s Office said. Bell’s car was found abandoned in the parking lot of a church near the tanning salon. Deputies found her keys in the ignition and her cellphone on the seat. They released a photo of the man Thursday, but said they don't know his his name. Bell’s parents don’t recognize him, reported Thursday. Her boyfriend said he feels he has seen the man in the photo before but doesn’t know where, according to the station. Greenfield Councilman Eric Borini told the station a lot of Bell’s classmates at McClain High School are upset over her disappearance. She was a graduating senior. “But I know they also have that optimism that she’ll come home and be found,” he said.
https://www.foxnews.com/media/judge-jeanine-calls-out-nyc-mayor-bill-de-blasio-governors-for-shutdowns-what-is-this-about|1 day ago|Judge Jeanine calls out NYC Mayor Bill de Blasio, governors for shutdowns: 'We are now being punished'|It's time for state and local leaders to reopen the and for Americans to get back to work, urged Friday, specifically calling out New York's handling of the outbreak. In an appearance on with hosts Ainsley Earhardt, Brian Kilmeade and Steve Doocy, the host said that owners have good reason to be upset with refusing to budge on lockdowns across many states. Pirro explained that Americans were told that once the government had a handle on coronavirus cases, hospitals were not overflowing, and the U.S. better understood the highly contagious , they could return to some sense of normalcy and reopen the economy. But that has only just begun to happen in different ways in each state. "But now that we understand it, it's time to get America back to work," she asserted. "And, that includes ." New York City is still very much the epicenter of the worldwide pandemic. About a third of all COVID-19-related deaths have been recorded in the tri-state area and the country passed 94,700 deaths on Friday. The Big Apple of those deaths with more than 200,000 confirmed cases reported. "Americans are doing everything they need to do. We got this. Let us go back to work," Pirro repeated. "We are now being punished." Pirro contended that the more citizens stay at home, the more it becomes "learned behavior" to the detriment of their . "They're like scared. They’re afraid to come out. They're down. They’re depressed. They don't know what the future is holding. Enough! Enough!" she exclaimed. "It is time to reopen and it's amazing that comes out yesterday – on the same day of that [that] says…’Enough! Let us out!’ – and he says, ‘Well, sometime between June 1 and June 15.’ Enough of this stuff," the Fox News host remarked. "Americans need to go back to work and it's not fair that you’ve got these big box companies like Costco, Target, Home Depot — they can sell eyeglasses or ice cream, but your local ice cream parlor can't open," she told the "Friends" hosts. "Your local ophthalmologist can't open. What is this about?" Pirro asked. "This is a double standard. It’s discrimination." "We are the home of the free and the brave," she concluded. "Time to get out."
https://www.foxnews.com/travel/disneyland-resort-hints-at-modified-experience-when-park-finally-reopens|1 day ago|Disneyland Resort hints at 'modified’ experience when park finally reopens|Looks like Disneyland will be taking cues from the reopened when it eventually welcomes guests back inside. Disney's Anaheim have yet to announce an official reopening date after closing in mid-March due to the health crisis, but a recent update to Disneyland Resort’s official website hints at a “modified” experience for guests when Disneyland and Disney California Adventure finally open back up. "Upon reopening, certain Disneyland Resort theme parks, restaurants and other locations may be limited in capacity and restricted to availability or even closed based on guidance from health experts and government officials. Furthermore, certain attractions, experiences, services and amenities will be modified, have limited availability or remain closed,” reads shared to the Disneyland Resort website. Specific details of how the parks and attractions may be “modified” were not disclosed, though it’s likely many of the park’s new operating guidelines will mirror those discussed or implemented by other Disney properties. Upon its reopening on May 11, Shanghai Disneyland required temperature screenings and new social-distancing rules, which included limiting the capacity of ride cars to single riders or riders within the same group or family. A reservation system also helped to stagger guests’ arrivals at the park, which limited its normal capacity (80,000) to just 30 percent. In early May, Dr. Pam Hymel, the chief medical officer for Disney Parks, had also outlined several its resorts were considering ahead of reopening U.S. locations to the public, including plans for “phased reopening” and new physical-distancing guidelines. Parks and resorts will also “likely” be limiting the amount of guests allowed inside at a time, in accordance with guidance from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and other government agencies. Another likely preventative measure is almost guaranteed: Guests and park employees both will almost certainly be required to wear masks or facial coverings upon reopening. Guests at the recently reopened Disney Springs shopping and dining district at Disney World , and Disney CEO Bob Chapek had earlier stated that the requirement for all Disney guests. “Along with social distancing, one of the things we’re likely going to require is masks for both the cast and the guest,” Chapek told in an interview last week, admitting that the rule might be “a little trying for some.” At the moment, however, Disneyland has yet to officially reveal specific official details of its reopening procedures, or its reopening date, for that matter. “In line with direction from health experts and government officials, the Disneyland Resort theme parks, hotels and the Downtown Disney District are currently closed and a reopening date has not been identified,” Disneyland . “We will continue to carefully evaluate this complex and fluid situation.”
https://www.foxnews.com/food-drink/burger-king-social-distancing-whopper-extra-onions|1 day ago|Burger King debuts 'social distancing Whopper' with extra onions: 'Helps others stay away'|wants you to have it your way — and make others away. Burger King Italy has playfully added another layer to social distancing with the debut of a new , triple-loaded with onions, to keep others at a safe physical distance amid the A commercial promoting the so-called “social distancing Whopper” hit YouTube on Thursday, opening with footage of a woman waiting for an elevator. A man — who evidently ate the onion-loaded Whopper — then appears and says hello. Repulsed by the stench of his breath, the woman shoots him a dirty look, clenches her fists and turns away, taking the stairs instead. “The triple onion Whopper that helps others stay away,” the quick clip concluded in Italian, according to a translation. Though a spokesperson for Burger King was not immediately available to comment on the current availability of the social distancing Whopper, the hilarious dish promised to pack a punch with three times the amount of the tear-inducing, sometimes-stinky vegetable, according to the commercial. Meanwhile, customers in North America will select BK locations once again, as the fast-food chain’s parent company strategically reopens dining rooms in compliance with government ordinances amid the COVID-19 crisis. They'll have to ask for their own extra onions, though.
https://www.foxnews.com/sports/yankees-aaron-judge-back-into-cage-apossible-hitting-coach-says|1 day ago|Yankees' Aaron Judge looking to get back into the cage as soon as possible, hitting coach says|In one way, the suspended start to the season may have been a blessing in disguise for the because they would have likely been without to begin 2020. Judge has been recovering from a fractured rib and was missing out on reps during spring training and it was unclear when he was going to officially return to the lineup. Judge’s desire to return, however, has not been outmatched. Marcus Thames, the Yankees’ hitting coach, told the that the outfielder is “chomping at the bit” to get swings in and recover from the injury already as players return to George M. Steinbrenner Field in Tampa, Fla., for limited workouts. “[Judge] walks by the cage. He walks in and helps the guys pick up balls. He really wants to get going. But we just want to stay safe and when the doctors turn him loose, he’ll be ready to go. But he’s chomping at the bit to get out there and start working hard on his swing,” Thames said. Yankees manager Aaron Boone was a bit more optimistic in his assessment of Judge’s recovery earlier this month. “This time down has allowed that rib, that bone to hopefully continue to heal,” Boone told . “All signs are encouraging there. Hopefully, this time down allows that rib to heal properly and hopefully have him part of all this as well.” Had the season started in March like it was supposed to, the Yankees would have been without Judge, , James Paxton, Aaron Hicks and .
https://www.foxnews.com/opinion/tucker-carlson-theres-no-evidence-coronavirus-lockdowns-saved-lives-mass-quarantines-may-have-killed-people|1 day ago|Tucker Carlson: There's no evidence coronavirus lockdowns saved lives. Mass quarantines may have killed people|It has now been 63 days -- we're keeping track -- since became the first American state to issue a so-called shelter-in-place order for all citizens. 's order was the beginning of an unprecedented mass quarantine that has changed this country forever. In many ways, the United States is hard to recognize compared to just two months ago. Two months from now, it will be more different still. In fact, it may be years before we fully understand the effects of what our leaders have done in response to the Wuhan coronavirus. There are certain to be battles over how to interpret this moment many years from now. It's possible your children will hear only one version of the story. Uncomfortable facts by that point may have been scrubbed from social media platforms as disinformation. So, while we can, we'd like to get on tape, for the record, some of what actually happened here. The first thing to remember is that our leaders didn't simply revoke the country's constitutional rights one day from a cold start. They laid the groundwork first. They softened opposition by sowing fear. On March 14, to name one among countless possible examples, a former Obama administration health official called Andy Slavitt predicted that just nine days from now, America's largest cities and hospitals would be "overrun with cases." Now, Slavitt is not an epidemiologist. In fact, he is a former McKinsey consultant. But countless other self-described experts on television backed him up. A huge number of Americans, they told us, would get infected with the coronavirus, and a huge number would die and die in the ugliest most desperate way -- gasping for breath with tubes shoved down their throats. Now at the time, the World Health Organization suggested that a million Americans would die this way. The WHO estimated a case fatality rate of 3.4 percent. It's horrifying. It scared the hell out of the country. It scared the hell out of us. I think we repeated those numbers to you on this show. But they were totally wrong. We now know, thanks to widespread blood testing, that the virus isn't that deadly. An enormous percentage of coronavirus infections produce mild symptoms or no symptoms at all. They're asymptomatic. The death toll is a tiny fraction of what we were told it would be. One study in Scotland estimated the real death rate could be 0.04 percent. Another in Miami Dade, Florida suggested 0.18 percent. The one in Los Angeles 0.06 percent. In fact, the highest figure we've been able to find from a credible blood test study comes from Spain, and it produced a death rate of just over 1 percent, and that's still far below what they told us it would be. At the time, ambitious politicians understood instinctively that Americans were really scared, and some did their best to heighten that fear. Here's telling his daily television audience that tens of thousands of Americans would die unless the sent more ventilators. . This is why it pays to use a little restraint in your public statements because, as it turned out, New York had more than enough ventilators. Too many ventilators, really; some were never even used. But Cuomo didn't dwell on that. He blew right past it and spent most of the subsequent weeks discussing the vital importance of obeying his quarantine. Cuomo's lockdown, like most in this country was modeled on the 's quarantine, their response to the Wuhan coronavirus -- which is odd if you think about it. Who decided that following the example of the country responsible for unleashing the pandemic was somehow good public health? Well, they all thought that. Virtually, all of our leaders agreed the Chinese course was the only course. came on Fox Business to explain that actually, the Chinese government could be trusted. Yes, because when you think of the Chinese Communist Party, transparent is the first word that comes to mind. Even then, when Fauci said that, there were some informed and independent- minded Americans who had real questions about the wisdom of following the Chinese model. But over time, their views began to disappear from Twitter and YouTube and Facebook. In their place, the media presented hardened political activists, people like Zeke Emanuel, and allowed them to pose as experts on virus mitigation. "The truth is, we have no choice." Get a pen and write down that sentence for future reference. The next time you hear someone say it, run. "The truth is, we have no choice." When you hear that, you know, things are about to get much worse. In fact, we always have a choice. A handful of political leaders made that choice. They decided to try a different approach, and then immediately -- and in unison -- they were denounced as enemies of the state. When Georgia began to reopen some of its businesses in late April, The Atlantic magazine described that plan as "Georgia's experiment in human sacrifice." In the words of The Washington Post, 's personal newspaper, "Georgia leads the race to become America's number one death destination." As if Jack Kevorkian had become the governor of Georgia. And that was just in print. On television, the geniuses decided that relaxing the lockdowns would be far worse for Georgia than Sherman's March to the Sea. Someday, unfortunately, that tape will be scrubbed off the internet. That's a shame. Georgia is fine as it turns out. That was Don Lemon telling you Georgia is an incredibly dangerous place, and it had an effect. Imagine if you saw Don Lemon say that while being forced to watch CNN while waiting for a flight at an airport. Maybe you're headed to Atlanta. You'd be rattled by that -- of course, you would be. And rattling you was exactly the point of saying it. Stop thinking, obey. That was the message and was amplified day after day after day by outlets like CNN. Watch this CNN anchor a month ago remind his audience that staying locked indoors was their moral duty. The one thing you never saw from these people -- these journalists -- was a straightforward discussion about whether or not lockdowns actually work. You'd think that would be the first thing they would talk about, but they didn't want to. Hundreds of millions of people ordered to stay home, only go outside for essential reasons. Does forcing people to live like that really contain a virus? There are a lot of reasons actually to believe that it does not contain a virus. For example, forcing people into close quarters all day obviously increases the odds of infecting family members. The biggest studies on that have shown it. Closing every business except grocery stores forces a lot of people into a small space. Is that a good idea? There are a lot of potential problems. We don't know all of the answers; someday we'll have a better understanding of the science behind quarantines. We should have had it before we imposed them. But for now, here's what you need to know and what they're not going to tell you. There is, as of now, precisely no evidence that the lockdowns in America saved lives anywhere. In fact, it's possible that mass quarantines killed people. Researchers at JPMorgan compared the coronavirus infection rates of all 50 U.S. states and many European countries before and after the mass quarantines. Overall, ending the lockdowns was associated with a slower spread of the virus. Did you hear that? Ending the lockdowns slowed the spread of the virus or was associated with a slower spread. Amazing. For some reason, that study has not received a lot of attention. Maybe you shouldn't be surprised by that. More than any other governor maybe in the country, from South Dakota refused to lock her state down. She refused to use the coronavirus pandemic to enhance her personal powers. For that, she was vilified in the national press. Some outlets treated her like a mass murderer. On April 13, The Washington Post wrote this: "South Dakota's Governor resisted ordering people to stay home. Now it has one of the nation's largest coronavirus hotspots." Meanwhile, the obedient states --states that imprisoned their entire population -- got a round of applause from the entire American media the very next day. The New York Times lauded California, by contrast, this way: "California set the tone on coronavirus shutdowns. What's its next move?" And the message of all of this, of course, is unmistakable. You saw it at the time. California was saving its people. Rightwing, old South Dakota was plunging its state into calamity. So, that was more than five weeks ago. How did things turn out in the end? Have you seen a follow-up story on it? Probably not. Here the facts. As of now, about 5 per 100,000 people in South Dakota have died of the coronavirus. In California, the death toll is 8.4 per hundred thousand. That's 64 percent higher. That doesn't prove lockdowns kill people. It does suggest it doesn't work very well. And yet even now, millions of Americans are living, suffocating under continued lockdown. California's economy has been crushed, particularly for middle-class people. They're barred from going to work. They can't go on the dry sand in Los Angeles per their lunatic mayor. Now, you can laugh about this because it's stupid. But for millions of healthy people at virtually no risk from dying of this virus, the lockdowns have been a life-changing disaster. Early in the pandemic, the president of the United States made that point. Any intemperate response to this pandemic, even if it mitigates the virus itself, could wind up killing a lot of people. In other words, bad economies don't just make people poor, they kill people. That's obviously true. And yet The Associated Press, the most trusted, branded news raced in with a correction. "President Donald Trump is making a baseless claim of surging suicides if the U.S. economy remains mostly shut through the spread of the coronavirus, " The AP wrote. Then they added this: "Historically, in a crisis, suicides tend to diminish as society pulls together in a common purpose." As if the government locking you in your own home for two months, taking away your job, depriving you of human contact was comparable to fighting the Second World War, a common purpose. That's the opposite of what it was. The people who made these orders went to their weekend houses in Aspen. They ignored the terms of their own orders. They got their hair done. A month later, The Washington Post wrote this: "The coronavirus pandemic is pushing America into a mental health crisis." Well of course, it is. Calls to the Federal Emotional Distress Hotline have gone up 1,000 percent. Across American counties -- the heart of the opioid epidemic -- report a surge in overdoses compared to last year. By the way, in the State of New Jersey, for example, the governor stopped AA Meetings. You were not allowed to go to your AA group, but he kept liquor stores open. Okay, how do you think that worked out? Not well. But don't worry, The AP reassures us, President Trump was making a baseless claim that this might affect people's mental health. And there's more, we could go on for days. But just this: In March, the CDC warned that coronavirus might survive for a prolonged period on exposed services. Remember that? Gloves in the elevator? Millions of Americans were panicked by this. Why wouldn't they be? They wiped down everything they touched. They refused to order takeout food. They put their groceries in mail-in days' long quarantine before opening them -- maybe you did that. We're not mocking you for it. They told you to. Now, the CDC has new guidance. Coronavirus " does not spread easily on surfaces." Okay. So, where are we now? What's the result of this? Well, it's not totally clear. But here's what we know. For 50 years, America has steadily shipped its manufacturing jobs abroad. Now, those jobs which provided middle-class stability to millions were the core of the middle class were replaced often by low wage, no benefit jobs. People serving an ever-shrinking number of very rich people in finance, a lot of them getting checks from the government -- that's the new economy. That new economy has been destroyed by these lockdowns. In the age of coronavirus, tens of millions of service jobs have gone away. Many will not return. So only manufacturing is left, but here's the catch: The manufacturers are all in China now. In other words, China won. So, no matter what they tell you in coming years, that's what happened. That's what actually happened. Remember it.
https://www.foxnews.com/us/massachusetts-memorial-day-flag-display|1 day ago|Massachusetts hospital worker helps plant 500 American flags after coronavirus forces Boston to cancel annual display|A Boston hospital worker has helped place 500 American flags in a park to honor for Memorial Day after the city canceled its large annual display because of the coronavirus. The hundreds of miniature flags ordered by Mary Gillen – who is battling the daily as a respiratory therapist at Massachusetts General Hospital – were made by veterans, according to WFXT. They were inserted into the ground at Doherty Park in Boston’s Charlestown neighborhood. “Those who have fought for us and have left us a fighting spirit. So, this is what we’re about," Gillen . “Right now, I feel like the pandemic has taken a lot from everyone and right now we need a little something to celebrate.” Around each Memorial Day, hundreds of volunteers normally plant more than 37,000 American flags at Boston Common in recognition of every service member from the state dating back to the Revolutionary War, WSVN reports. But this year, the to hang them in their homes and businesses instead. “That kind of hit a chord with me, so I figured I’d buy my own flags and let our community enjoy a heroes garden here in Charlestown,” Gillen told WFXT. Gillen comes from a military family. She explained her brother was a Marine and her husband’s uncle was a former commander of the — the world's oldest commissioned warship that is still afloat.
https://www.foxnews.com/entertainment/marianne-faithfull-medical-staff-saving-life-coronavirus-hospitalization|1 day ago|Marianne Faithfull recovers from coronavirus, credits medical staff for saving her life following weeks-long hospitalization|has made a full recovery after battling the coronavirus, but she's now revealing just how grim her situation was. The 73-year-old British singer was hospitalized last month after contracting COVID-19 and she says she believes she may not have made it out alive if it weren't for the healthcare workers. "I would like to say to all the people who cared for me and thought of me, who sent me love, people I know, people I have never met, thank you for helping me get better," Faithfull captioned a new Instagram post. "I want to thank the doctors and nurses who were so good and basically saved my life! Thank you again for all your care, love, thoughts, prayers and wishes," she concluded. Faithfull's comments were posted underneath what appears to be an updated photo of the star. She appears healthy and at peace as she sits in a living room filled with shelves of books. In early April, Faithfull's rep confirmed to Fox News that she had been admitted to the hospital after contracting the novel coronavirus. She wasn't released until 22 days later, where she further recovered at her home in London. "Marianne Faithfull’s manager Francois Ravard has confirmed that Marianne is being treated for Covid-19 in hospital in London," the written statement said. "She is stable and responding to treatment, we all wish her well and a full and speedy recovery." Faithfull is known for her "As Tears Go By" and "Broken English" over the span of several decades. Fellow performer and close pal Penny Arcade that Faithfull began to self-isolate after contracting a cold, and checked herself into a hospital on Monday, March 30, where she tested positive for COVID-19.
https://www.foxnews.com/science/35-percent-coronavirus-patients-asymptomatic-cdc|1 day ago|35 percent of coronavirus patients could be asymptomatic, CDC says|Asymptomatic patients are of great concern to public health officials and lawmakers due to their ability to spread the virus without knowing they're sick themselves. Now, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention estimates that more than a third of COVID-19 patients could be asymptomatic. The , which the agency says is "designed to help inform decisions by modelers and public health officials who utilize mathematical modeling," lists five scenarios and notes scenario five, which has 35 percent of COVID-19 patients as asymptomatic, as its "current best estimate." It also notes that 0.4 percent of those who do show symptoms will die from the SARS-CoV-2 virus. The most at-risk group is people 65 and older, with the CDC saying it expects 1.3 percent of those who symptoms to die. The next most at-risk group is people between the age of 50 and 64, with the agency estimating 0.2 percent of these symptomatic patients will die. The CDC says these values are based on data received by the agency before April 29, and the numbers are subject to change as the pandemic goes into the later months of the year. As of Friday morning, more than 94,000 people have died in the U.S., according to data collected by Johns Hopkins University. The high number of asymptomatic patients has led to concerns of a so-called "second wave" of the pandemic cropping up later this year. However, some have suggested on and off lockdowns to deal with the pandemic. Earlier this month, the CDC there was mounting evidence that suggests the can be transmitted from presymptomatic or asymptomatic individuals, bolstering the argument for maintaining proper social distancing measures and possibly impacting the case-fatality rate for COVID-19. In April, the CDC some 25 percent of cases could be asymptomatic. However, that number varied for different groups, including as high as 70 percent for military personnel, according to the Vice-Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, Gen. John Hyten. As of Friday morning, more than 5.12 million coronavirus cases have been diagnosed worldwide, more than 1.57 million of which are in the U.S., the most impacted country on the planet.
https://www.foxnews.com/media/constitutional-scholar-warns-of-privacy-threats-from-contact-tracing|1 day ago|Constitutional scholar tells Laura Ingraham why contact tracing will lead to real privacy concerns|The government’s of has been “exponentially” increasing over recent years, according to constitutional scholar John Eastman. “[The coronavirus pandemic] is just now going to bring it to the forefront where we can actually see what is going on,” the Claremont Institute senior fellow told “ " on Thursday. Eastman argued that the government has been “piggybacking” on Supreme Court precedent that ruled such surveillance lawful under “exigent circumstances.” “Those laws and Supreme Court precedents have kind of created a carte blanche for the government to step in and do the kind of things they are proposing here,” Eastman said. Eastman said that the Supreme Court already has started cutting back and curtailing American privacy violations via the Carpenter v. the United States decision, which ruled that accessing a person’s phone records requires a warrant. Eastman said that the Supreme Court is recognizing problems with new technologies and Internet tracking abilities that are creating real Fourth Amendment problems pertaining to search, seizure and privacy. “I think this Supreme Court is starting to take note and starting to push back a little bit about some of the earlier precedents that maybe was a little more freewheeling in authorizing this stuff," Eastman said. Meanwhile, and on Wednesday released long-awaited smartphone technology to automatically notify people if they might have been exposed to the . The companies said 22 countries and several U.S. states are already planning to build voluntary phone apps using their software. It relies on Bluetooth wireless technology to detect when someone who downloaded the app has spent time near another app user who later tests positive for the virus. Many governments have already tried, mostly unsuccessfully, to roll out their own phone apps to fight the spread of the COVID-19 pandemic. Many of those apps have encountered technical problems on Apple and Android phones and haven't been widely adopted. They often use GPS to track people's location, which Apple and Google are banning from their new tool because of privacy and accuracy concerns. Public health agencies from Germany to the states of Alabama and South Carolina have been waiting to use the Apple-Google model, while other governments have said the tech giants' privacy restrictions will be a hindrance because public health workers will have no access to the data. The companies said they're not trying to replace contact tracing, a pillar of infection control that involves trained public health workers reaching out to people who may have been exposed to an infected person. But they said their automatic "exposure notification" system can augment that process and slow the spread of COVID-19 by virus carriers who are interacting with strangers and aren't yet showing symptoms.
https://video.foxnews.com/v/6158589356001/|__clean_error__|__clean_error__|
https://video.foxnews.com/v/6158653975001/|__clean_error__|__clean_error__|
https://video.foxnews.com/v/6158567783001/|__clean_error__|__clean_error__|
https://www.foxnews.com/media/small-business-owners-petition-nyc-to-let-them-reopen|1 day ago|Small business owners petition NYC to let them reopen: Walmart is open, why not us?|America cannot wait one minute longer to help its small drowning during the shutdowns, "Reopen " petition founder Simcha Minkowitz stated Friday. In an interview with host Ainsley Earhardt, Minkowitz – who owns Amor Fine Jewelry in Brooklyn – explained that she helped found the coalition because of two friends whose lives were "shattered" after they were forced to permanently shutter their businesses crumbling under the strain of the crisis. "I'm just one person that knows two people. So every single one of us knows someone that's hurting and we are all connected," she remarked. "And if the small businesses of America suffer, we all suffer. It's just that I cannot stand by and watch." Minkowitz, who just opened her store 20 months ago, had taken out "tremendous" loans to do so. She felt she had to speak up for those who found themselves in a similar position. Her initiative, "Reopen New York," to urge Democratic to "get back to business." The group rallied in front of the Statue of Liberty on Wednesday. Their petition now has almost 8,000 signatures and the tally is steadily climbing. "We are all connected. And, the small businesses of America are the backbone of our country..." she pointed out. "We chose to do the press conference right by the Statue of Liberty because that's why people came here. They took tremendous risk to come to this country. My parents are . They worked really hard to give us a beautiful life," Minkowitz added. "And, it's really maddening to see 10 percent literally in this past month. And, they can sell whatever. All [of] their nonessential aisles are open. So, why not give us a chance?" Minkowitz told Earhardt that she believes in small businesses and their ability to provide safe environments for their customers by implementing creative solutions. "We can clean our businesses I think better than anyone because I don't want to bring home to my family. It’s my husband and I running our store..." she asserted. "But, just let us open. It's very hard to see the double standard. We are watching people all over Prospect Park literally full and I can't let one person in my store? It's really a major double standard." Without small businesses reopening soon, Minkowitz sees a bleak future with some hard decisions ahead. "We’re going to have to make some hard choices if we don't get back to work soon. It's going to be no air conditioning for families. It’s going to be watering down juice. It’s going to be decision-making and it is going to be hard. And we don't need this," she argued. "This is the land of opportunity," Minkowitz concluded. is still very much the epicenter of the worldwide pandemic. About a third of all COVID-19-related deaths have been recorded in the tri-state area and the country passed 94,000 deaths on Thursday.
https://www.foxnews.com/politics/illinois-county-disclose-coronavirus-patient-data|1 day ago|Illinois county slammed for vote to disclose coronavirus patient data: ‘Terrible decision’|An Illinois county is taking heat for a vote that would allow the addresses of coronavirus patients to be shared with first responders — a controversial move that has raised concerns about privacy and even racism, and has prompted a strong rebuke from . The Cook County Board approved a resolution on Thursday that would direct the Cook County Department of Public Health to disclose to the locations of those testing positive with 911 dispatchers, reported. Commissioner Scott Britton, who introduced the measure, said he was trying to give extra help and support to first responders. “All I'm trying to do is to try to give a little more information to those first responders, the people who enter the burning buildings, the people who respond to the active shooters, to give them some more information so they can protect themselves a little bit more,” he said. reported that the resolution emerged from a lobbying effort by mayors, 911 dispatchers and police and fire chiefs, who say that it would allow first responders to take additional precautions before responding to a call. While technically only a recommendation, the department said it would be following the practice. Those who oppose the resolution include County Board President Toni Preckwinkle, who said the move would have racial implications. “I don't see how anyone who understands the endemic nature of racism in this country, and the discrimination that black and brown people have experienced, will assume that this resolution is somehow going to be immune from that discrimination,” she said, according to the Tribune. Others noted it is an unreliable tool, as many are asymptomatic and have not been tested. Chicago Mayor Lori Lightfoot accused the board of having “voted to capitulate to ignorance and bigotry.” She also promised to stop any effort to make it law in the Windy City. “We will never allow this to become law in Chicago, just as we will never allow people to be stigmatized and put at risk for being denied services or seeking assistance and support. This is a terrible decision,” she said. “The people responsible should be ashamed and the rest of us outraged.”
https://www.foxnews.com/lifestyle/america-reopening-gyms-golds-gym-planet-fitness-plans|1 day ago|What will gyms look like in post-coronavirus America? Gold's Gym, Planet Fitness weigh in|Sure, you can , and to stay active during the — but it’s OK to miss the gym, too. Gyms are currently allowed to operate in various capacities in 26 states, as restrictions are gradually being lifted in some parts of the country amid the , though safety precautions and capacity limits may differ. Still, some aspects of the workout world may be forever transformed because of COVID-19, according to executives from two of America’s largest gym chains who spoke with Fox News. Adam Zeitsiff, president and CEO of Gold’s Gym, and McCall Gosselin, SVP of Communications at Planet Fitness, explained what members can expect as they return to the gym following the coronavirus outbreak and their ultimate predictions for Both Zeitsiff and Gosselin emphasized that guest and employee safety remain of the utmost importance, prioritized through new efforts like rigorous cleaning and enforced social distancing, in accordance with guidance from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC.) “The health and safety of our team members and members has always been our top priority and it’s never been more important,” Zeitsiff said. “Our protocols, including capacity, sanitation and distancing protocols are informed by federal, state and local guidelines as well as recommendations from public health officials and designed to protect our members and team members as our gyms reopen.” At company-owned Golds Gym locations, gym-goers can expect to see social distancing and safety signage throughout, and the staggered operation of cardio and strength machines to promote increased physical distancing. But the most noticeable change might be the daily “intermission” from 1 p.m. to 2 p.m., during which staffers will restock cleaning supplies and clean the gym. Though already members inside the gym will still be able to continue working out during the "intermission," incoming members will not be allowed to check into the facility during the sanitization period. All Gold’s Gym employees will wear masks and gloves, while touchless scans will be used for contactless client check-in. In accordance with the new regulations, gym-goers must also sign a new code of conduct agreeing to respect Gold’s Gym’s enhanced new cleaning standards and practice safe physical distancing within the facility. The new agreement also asks members to stay home if they have any flu-like symptoms, avoid the non-operational equipment to promote physical distancing, and thoroughly wipe down equipment after use, with cleaning supplies provided by the gym. At Planet Fitness, the gym chain is similarly promoting “social fitnessing” and asking members to be “clean-siderate” in adhering to new health and safety guidance in the fight against COVID-19. Existing policies and protocol for sanitization have been strengthened to assure that facilities are cleaner than ever. “We’ve increased sanitization stations throughout the club and the gym floor, and we’re going to be performing increased cleanings with different disinfectants against COVID-19,” Gosselin shared. “We are enabling members to follow CDC guidelines with regards to physical distancing, so we are marking various pieces of equipment ‘out of use’ to create additional space between members. We’ve also implemented touchless check-in via our app to help reduce contact between staff and members.” As for the future of fitness? Gosselin said that the ongoing outbreak has likely given many Americans a new appreciation for good health, wellness and movement. “This situation has given people an increased appreciation for health and wellness. There’s no better way to stay healthy than to stay active,” she said. “People are seeing that boosting their immune system through exercise can be a huge benefit.” Though digitally guided workouts have boomed in popularity during the pandemic, Gosselin doesn’t believe they will replace the traditional, in-club workout experience. “People really love the sense of community that going to the gym provides them, particularly first-time gym users who like that support of a brick and mortar fitness option,” Gosselin said. “So I think the desire to want to work out and be healthy will continue to be on people’s minds.” Zeitsiff echoed similar sentiments when commenting on the next chapter for the American fitness industry, musing that people might take more of a “hybrid approach” to their fitness routines than they did before the pandemic. “People are going to be working out one or two days a week at home, and then coming into the gym to use the equipment maybe three or four other times,” he speculated. Whether fitness fanatics hit the gym to improve physical or mental health, or enjoy exercise as a therapeutic or social outlet, both executives stressed that one of the greatest ways to stay healthy is to stay active. Both also look forward to welcoming members back once again, and cheering them in every step of their fitness journey.
https://video.foxnews.com/v/6158563098001/|__clean_error__|__clean_error__|
https://www.foxnews.com/food-drink/pizza-hut-500000-free-pizzas-class-2020|1 day ago|Pizza Hut giving away 500,000 pizzas to 2020's graduating seniors|The Class of 2020 may have missed out on their , but there’s no stopping them from having an intimately-attended party. Pizza Hut has teamed up with America’s dairy farmers to give away 500,000 pizzas to graduating high school seniors and their families, in an effort to bring “some much-needed joy” amid the ongoing . “Our brand has a long history of celebrating moments that matter – like graduations – and Pizza Hut takes pride in being a part of our customers’ big days,” said George Felix, the chief marketing officer of Pizza Hut, in a press release. “So, it’s only natural that we’d be there for students and their families to help celebrate the accomplishments of the graduating class of 2020.” In order to take advantage of the promotion, which is sponsored by the Dairy Management Inc. trade association, 2020’s grads will need to visit and sign into their Pizza Hut Rewards account. (“Don’t worry, you can sign up and enter to get your free pizza coupon at the same time,” according Pizza Hut.) From there, the students will be granted a digital coupon for a have the free medium 1-topping pizza of their choosing, while supplies last. Delivery fees or taxes, however, will not be covered by the coupon. The Class of 2020 will have until May 28 (or whenever supplies are “exhausted”) to sign in and download their free-pizza coupons, which can be redeemed through June 4, 2020. Still hungry? When dinner’s done, maybe you've still got a few of those kicking around in the fridge. You know, the ones that caused a in Long Beach, Calif.?
https://www.foxnews.com/opinion/who-reform-desperately-needed-protect-global-health-rep-dr-roger-marshall|1 day ago|Rep. Roger Marshall, M.D.: WHO desperately needs reform – here’s how to protect global health now|For the last 70 years, the U.S. and countries around the world have put their trust in the (WHO) to alert the global community of disease outbreaks and provide technical expertise in public health. In return, the WHO has – time and again – demonstrated its systemic organizational problems and lack of accountability. The pandemic is just one more example of the WHO’s willingness to let politics govern over their core responsibility as a global public health watchdog. As a physician, I’m especially concerned about the WHO’s failure to properly respond to these . Nearly 100,000 Americans have died from COVID-19, and this international health organization must be held to strict medical and information sharing standards going forward. Decisions by the WHO guide and impact the abilities of medical providers to provide proper guidance and care for their patients. The director-general of the WHO, Tedros Adhanom, made several disastrous mistakes in mitigating and preventing the COVID-19 outbreak. On Jan. 14, the Chinese government denied human-to-human transmission of the virus was occurring, and the WHO quickly endorsed their message. It’s shocking that the WHO made no attempt to independently verify the claims of an undemocratic government widely known for its iron muzzle on the media, the “Great Firewall” of Internet controls, and an unapologetic history of concealing the truth. Then again, this easy solidarity with China is no surprise when considering Tedros was largely backed by China when seeking the WHO’s top position. More notably, his home country is one of Africa’s leading partners for China’s “Belt and Road Initiative” and China remains their largest source of foreign investment. Politics, unfortunately, had much to do with the Tedros decision to state that the Chinese response to the outbreak was “transparent” and had his full confidence. As Tedros was helping the Chinese government, hospitals across Wuhan became overwhelmed by sick patients while Chinese officials silenced the medical community with one hand, and stockpiled personal protective equipment with the other. However, thanks to unwavering international pressure, Tedros declared the outbreak a public health emergency and changed course. It’s doubtful the WHO would have reacted differently without Tedros catering to China. This isn’t the organization’s first failure at responding to a disease outbreak. The 2014 Ebola outbreak in West Africa and the 2009 H1N1 influenza pandemic sparked heavy criticism of the WHO’s poor performance and prompted many external and internal investigations calling for reform. While some reform measures have been adopted, WHO continues to lack accountability, and without it, medical expertise and public health will always come second to politics and propaganda. Independent investigations of the COVID-19 outbreak will undoubtedly be written and recommendations for reform will be outlined. Minor technical changes will be adopted and the ones threatening political favor will be ignored. In order to ensure meaningful changes are actually made, countries need to abandon the carrot and grab the stick. The U.S. is the largest volunteer contributor to the WHO, and with these persistent problems, the Trump administration rightly decided to halt funding pending an investigation into its handling of the COVID-19 outbreak. As the Trump administration continues to pry open political motivations driving the WHO, over 60 countries, including Canada, Australia, New Zealand and Japan, as well as the European Union, have signed a resolution backing the investigation. That resolution was recently adopted unanimously during a virtual meeting of the World Health Assembly, despite repeated complaints from China. It is time to reevaluate the organizational structure of the WHO to ensure future responses are based on science, not propaganda. Participating countries should consider establishing a small select voting body of medical experts, similar to the structure of the United Nations Security Council, with the purpose of championing cooperation in solving global health issues. This body could oversee significant policy issues like outbreaks, major capital expenditures, and assess actions taken by other countries during public health emergencies. Accountability comes with the power to make decisions that member states are then obligated to implement. This would be supplemented with international pressure. The U.S. — the largest single provider of humanitarian assistance, the largest contributor to the WHO, and global watchdog — must lead this fight to ensure the WHO fulfills its role in global health and pandemic response.
https://www.foxnews.com/entertainment/kelly-ripa-secretly-taping-caribbean-coronavirus-stranded|1 day ago|Kelly Ripa reveals she's secretly been taping 'Live' from the Caribbean after coronavirus left her stranded|and Mark Consuelos have been secretly sheltering in place in the Caribbean during the pandemic, according to a new report. The " " host made the surprising revelation that she, her husband, and three kids were on a tropical getaway when the coronavirus prompted shutdowns all over the world. ABC advised her to stay put and the family of five has been there since, she reportedly admitted during a virtual townhall with ABC employees on Thursday. Ripa explained the New Yorkers had "planned a trip for our family" and just three days after arriving "everything changed." "I mean, everything shut down; the government shut down; our country shut down. I hate to use the word stuck, but we were. We decided to stay where we are," Ripa said, according to the 's source. Ripa began carrying out her daily hosting duties from the tropical destination, which hasn't been disclosed. "It was supposed to be a two-week trip and we wound up getting right back to work. [Seacrest] and I both decided it was better to do the show because we just felt like with everything going on in the world that perhaps, some normalcy just doing what we normally do, even though it was like in very unusual circumstances, would be the best thing for us," she explained. The talk show host said it's been a "great benefit" for her and Consuelos to be joined by their daughter, Lola, 18, and sons, Michael, 22, and Joaquin, 17. Michael graduated from NYU's Tisch School of the Arts this week and Consuelos hinted at the family's unplanned and ongoing getaway in a congratulatory post. "Happy virtual graduation MJC. We are so proud of you. #quarentinegraduation2020 we know it’s not what we all expected but we are so grateful to be all together on what I know must seem like the longest family trip ever...." the proud dad captioned the post. Ripa's revelation comes days after she responded to critics who on the show during virtual tapings. "I don't care. I have a new outlook on life," Ripa responded (via People). "Certain things don't matter anymore and my appearance is one of those things that just don't matter." Meanwhile, Ripa's co-host provided viewers with an update on his health after his slurred speech during the "American Idol" finale left fans worried he had a stroke. His rep confirmed to Fox News that Seacrest did not and later revealed the mishap was due to exhaustion.
https://video.foxnews.com/v/6158643821001/|__clean_error__|__clean_error__|
https://www.foxnews.com/media/cnn-trump-mask-cuomo-nursing-homes|1 day ago|CNN obsesses over President Trump's mask aversion, ignores 'more important things': insider|is being criticized for its wall-to-wall coverage of President Trump's mask-wearing, or lack thereof, while continuing to give short shrift to the New York nursing home coronavirus crisis presided over by one of its own anchors' brother. refused to wear a mask during the public portion of his visit to the Ford plant in Ypsilanti, Mich., on Thursday, despite the plant's strict policy on wearing masks and an open letter from Michigan Attorney General Dana Nessel stating it was his "legal responsibility” to wear one. A CNN insider told Fox News that while Trump should have worn the mask, the network is putting an undue emphasis on "what's not important." "I don't know why they focus on things like this when there are certainly more important things to focus on," the network source said. The insider knocked CNN, suggesting that if Trump found the cure for the coronavirus without wearing a mask, him not wearing the mask would become "the story" on the network. Trump had brought a mask to the Ford plant, which he wore during a private meeting with company executives, but not during the tour of the factory. “I didn’t want to give the press the pleasure of seeing it,” Trump told reporters. “In the back area I did have a mask on. I had goggles and a mask right back there.” This story dominated CNN's coverage for the rest of the day and evening. "The Situation Room" anchor Wolf Blitzer, who presented the mask dustup as "breaking news," dedicated roughly five separate segments during his two hours of airtime on Trump's mask, or lack thereof, including his interview with Michigan Attorney General Nessel, who offered a blistering response to the president. His colleague Anderson Cooper, who earlier this week shamed Trump for not committing to wearing a mask at the Ford plant, dedicated much of his coronavirus town hall on Thursday night to the importance of wearing a mask. Primetime hosts Chris Cuomo and Don Lemon also condemned the president's inaction. "This isn't about the press, this is about you. It's about the country," Cuomo told Trump. "Great example of the president stepping on his own good headline. This was supposed to be about Ford and making ventilators and showing America how far we've come in that regard and how fast. Instead, he got caught up with the mask stuff and some other side issues." "Nothing but excuses," Lemon complained. "Some in this administration have forgotten that they work for the American people. This president certainly has forgotten. Nah — maybe he's never thought that he works for the American people." The network's chief political anchor Jake Tapper also reacted. "It seems like an odd thing to worry about given the fact that reporters have been relaying that health officials think it would be a great idea of all leaders across the country to wear them in public," he said. "I don't know why he would not want that image out there." CNN spent nearly 102 minutes on this issue on Thursday alone, dwarfing the roughly 15 minutes the network dedicated the entire week to a nursing home controversy surrounding Democratic New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo, a case that has at least one state lawmaker calling for a federal probe. "It sounds harsh, but CNN has shown that they care more about obsessing over the president not wearing a mask than getting answers for the families of deceased New York nursing home residents," NewsBusters managing editor Curtis Houck told Fox News. "If CNN were truly interested in fulfilling their duty in serving the public good and helping to build up a more informed citizenry, they would be grilling the Cuomo administration on their nursing home debacle... Instead, they're melting down over arguably the most-tested man in the world not wearing a mask." Regarding the network's coronavirus coverage, Houck added, "If a segment isn't focused on hating the president, decrying reopenings of any kind, or covering for China, it's not worth giving serious thought." Cuomo recently reversed his March 25 order that forced nursing homes to accept patients who tested positive for coronavirus. Cuomo signed an executive order on May 11 stopping hospitals from sending infected patients back to nursing homes and ramping up testing for staff. were sent to ’s already vulnerable nursing homes under the state directive, according to a count by The Associated Press. Nearly 5,800 people have died from COVID-19 in nursing homes in New York. Roughly 20 percent of all deaths in the state have occurred in nursing homes. Cuomo has largely gotten a pass from CNN as the liberal network has largely refrained from airing critical coverage of the Democratic governor. On Wednesday, he appeared for his tenth interview with his brother, "Cuomo Prime Time" anchor Chris Cuomo. As in previous interviews, the CNN anchor made no mention of the growing death toll in New York nursing homes. Yet, he did manage to squeeze in some prop comedy, mocking the governor's televised coronavirus testing examination with overly sized cotton swabs while poking fun at the size of his nose. There was only one mention of nursing homes during the entire interview, when Gov. Cuomo was boasting about the state's increased coronavirus testing capabilities and listed nursing homes and prisons among the sites that they have been administered. "CNN's coverage of Andrew Cuomo has been consistent with much of the media, focus on the glowing verbiage and ignore the catastrophic mishandling of nursing homes that led to thousands of deaths,” Cornell Law School professor and media critic William A. Jacobson told Fox News. “This problem is compounded by a serious conflict of interest arising from the relationship between Chris Cuomo, one of CNN's highest-profile news personalities, and his brother the Governor,” Jacobson added. “Chris Cuomo should not be allowed to cover or comment on air about his brother, and CNN should appoint someone to monitor and review coverage of Andrew Cuomo to prevent this conflict of interest from bleeding over to other news coverage.” Fox News senior meteorologist Janice Dean told " " Thursday that Cuomo's failed nursing home policy should be "one of the biggest" stories of the year after both of her parents-in-law lost their lives to the coronavirus. "I have not seen the coverage of this ... ," an emotional Dean said. "Twenty percent of our lost loved ones are from nursing homes ... because Governor Cuomo and several other governors forced COVID-recovering patients into nursing homes." Dean, who rarely comments on political issues, felt compelled to speak out after watching Wednesday night's CNN interview between the two playful Cuomo brothers. "The fact that I am seeing, last night, him ... making fun, inappropriate jokes and insensitive jokes, cruel jokes ... make no mistake," Dean said, "I am glad that Chris Cuomo has recovered from COVID because he apparently did have it. And I'm glad that their family is well, but my family is not well. And that is not something to joke about."
https://video.foxnews.com/v/6158545125001/|__clean_error__|__clean_error__|
https://video.foxnews.com/v/6158645525001/|__clean_error__|__clean_error__|
https://www.foxnews.com/media/pa-diner-opens-reopen-amid-covid-19-shutdown-its-time-to-stand-up-and-flatten-the-fear|1 day ago|Pennsylvania diner opens in defiance of gov's shutdown order: Time to stand up and 'flatten the fear'|The owners of a that reopened in defiance of state shutdown orders are calling on other to take a stand and "flatten the fear." In an appearance Friday on with host Brian Kilmeade, Round the Clock Diner owners Dimos and Christos Sacarellos, who are father and son, explained that they had the support of their community and a state representative. The elder Sacarellos said they made the decision to reopen following requests from customers who would take out and eat in their parking lot. "And they were telling us, ‘Please open up. Please open up,'" he recalled. "We have over 100 people — 160 people working in here. These people try to support their families. And, we decided to open up on . People were overwhelming and everyone walked in the door saying, ‘Thank you for opening. Thank you. Thank you.’" "And then, they sit down like regular people — like we used to do it," he added. "And, we are not little kids. We are not in a communist country." "We have a beautiful, beautiful community," the younger Sacarellos pointed out. "Our District Attorney Dave Sunday has been saying he is not going to prosecute. We have got our local township – Manchester Township – who has given us the green light, literally. Their solution is right, to just to go forward." The partners told Kilmeade that their "beautiful community" had put in the work and done their part by flattening the curve of coronavirus in York County. "Well look, we’ve flattened the curve. We sat down. You know, now it's time to stand up [and] flatten the fear," Christos asserted. "I mean, we’ve have done everything…by . We are doing everything correctly." Customers are flooding back to the Round The Clock Diner. "We have got people [from] hours away to come in and sit down and eat. I mean, we have done everything. We have done everything to accommodate the customers. You know, we are not out here doing something rogue," Christos stated. "You know, the density [and] the spacing six [feet apart]. All of our employees wear face masks. We temperature...screen our employees before their shifts." "You are responsible?" asked Kilmeade. "Yeah, very responsible," he replied. "My father has been in [this] business for 52 years. I'm sure he knows something about food safety and how to take care of people." "Well, when [is it] going to get normal? When it's going to open up?" Dimos demanded. "I have been asking...the last time I said: 'Please, open up. People, they are tired. They wanted to go to work. They want to pay their bills [and] support their .'" "If there is anything wrong that people want to work, I don't know what to say," he concluded.
https://www.foxnews.com/media/alex-berenson-rips-reporter-questions-zuckerberg|1 day ago|Alex Berenson rips reporter for not asking Zuckerberg about Facebook 'squelching' free speech|Former reporter Alex Berenson pressed a reporter via Twitter for appearing to let CEO slide on questions about free speech amid the . NBC News' Dylan Byers, who conducted the interview with Zuckerberg, posted the article on Twitter Thursday, touting Zuckerberg's plans for transitioning workers to doing their jobs remotely. “New: Mark Zuckerberg tells me Facebook is transitioning to permanent 'work from home' for many employees. He expects 50% of staff will work remotely in 5-10 years. ‘We are going to be the most forward-leaning company on remote work at our scale,’” he reported. Among several tweets responding to Byers' post, Berenson asked why Zuckerberg’s company is “squelching” free speech rights. Facebook, and Twitter have been in recent months that they argue are spreading false information about the coronavirus pandemic. “Great story bro. Did you ask him about the First Amendment rights he and his $650 billion company are squelching in the next 5-10 minutes? Or did that not come up?” said Berenson, who has consistently been questioning the data behind the coronavirus pandemic and the effects of broad shutdowns. also announced last month it on the spread of misinformation about the pandemic, saying it will warn users if they have "liked, reacted or commented" on content that has been deemed "harmful" and removed by the tech giant. "These messages will connect people to COVID-19 myths debunked by the [World Health Organization] including ones we’ve removed from our platform for leading to imminent physical harm," Guy Rosen, Facebook’s vice president of integrity, wrote in a . "We want to connect people who may have interacted with harmful misinformation about the virus with the truth from authoritative sources in case they see or hear these claims again off of Facebook." In a , Berenson warned that "social media giants are tightening censorship against people who protest lockdowns and raise evidence the virus may be less risky than initially thought." He wrote that " is particularly problematic because as the largest social media network, it may gain from lockdowns, which force friends or community groups to rely on virtual gatherings instead of real-life meetings." Berenson highlighted that last week, Facebook took "its most aggressive action yet" by removing the 380,000-member group “Michiganders Against Excessive Quarantine,” one of the original anti-lockdown groups. It then quickly removed a replacement group called “Stand Up Michigan.” Byers' interview addressed plans to shift toward a substantially remote over the next decade, permanently reconfiguring the tech giant's operations around the dispersed structure that the forced on it. The plan, which the Facebook chief executive outlined to employees on Thursday, is one of the highest-profile examples of business leaders committing to extend the practices their companies quickly embraced to adjust to the crisis. On matters from workplace to strategy, managers are rethinking what works and shifting course, sometimes long term. The remote-work changes for new hires will roll out initially in the U.S. and apply only to senior engineers at first. With individual team leaders' approval, new recruits will be offered the choice to work from home, and current employees around the world with strong performance reviews will be able to apply to do so. In time, the policy will be extended to employees outside Facebook's engineering department.
https://www.foxnews.com/entertainment/heidi-klum-details-falling-ill-americas-got-talent-set-coronavirus|1 day ago|Heidi Klum reveals more details about falling ill on 'America's Got Talent' set amid coronavirus pandemic|is opening up in greater detail about her scare. The supermodel fell ill on the set of "America's Got Talent" in March, around the same time fears for the coronavirus pandemic began to surge around the globe. The on-air judge admitted she felt "feverish" at the time as she social distanced from her husband, Tom Kaulitz, and struggled to get her hands on a test. In a new interview, Klum looked back on the unsettling experience and explained how it all went down on set. "When I fell ill, it was on March 10. I was experiencing fever and sore throat, so I told production and immediately the medic did my vitals and said, 'Yes, you have a fever,' and then I was dismissed," Klum told . "It felt strange to leave, but that was the right thing to do," she added. "I told them how I was feeling. They looked at me, checked me out and said, 'Yeah, go home.' Then I was asked to get tested ASAP so that I could go back to work because we didn't know that this was all unfolding the way it did. They were like, 'Okay, get tested as fast as you can.'" Klum said it took a "really long time" to get tested because, to her surprise, there were no tests available. She added that she became bombarded with questions and concerns from people who had been in contact with her, as well as revealing which fellow "AGT" judge checked in on her daily. "Howie probably called me every day. He's a sweetheart. He was like, 'How are you feeling today?' I was like, 'I still have a fever, Howie. What can I tell you?'" she said. The model-turned-television-personality added that her AGT team feared she may have passed it to them before she ultimately . "They were all eager, like, 'Do you have it?' Obviously people want to know because they were worried. They were with me the day before or the day before that. They were like, 'Oh my God, I ran into her three days before that, maybe I have it from her.' Then the whole hunt starts and people are scared," she says. "I couldn't tell anyone because I didn't know." While her negative result likely brought relief, the blonde bombshell is still taking her health seriously by at home. Earlier this week, the 46-year-old turned heads when she posted a photo showing she was getting highlights by a hair stylist in her backyard. The two were both wearing masks but by opting for a black lingerie set along with fishnet stockings and heels for the at-home appointment.
https://www.foxnews.com/media/chris-wallace-biden-get-out-of-basement|1 day ago|Chris Wallace says Joe Biden has to 'get out of his basement' and campaign: It's an 'increasingly bad look'|" " host Chris Wallace told the " podcast Friday that "it's becoming an increasingly bad look" for former Vice President to campaign for the presidency from his Delaware home. "I understand being careful," Wallace told host Chris Foster. "But I do think that he's got to get out." "I don't understand, for instance ... " Wallace continued, "why he can't go and hold one of those roundtables like the president holds, where everybody is six or eight feet away from each other without masks and they're all talking about issues. "You could hold a news conference on his front lawn, you know, and be 10 feet away from people," Wallace added. "But I just think it's becoming an increasingly bad look, as people are beginning to open up, for him to be stuck in the basement of his father's home in Delaware." The host pointed out that the November vote will be a "referendum on the president and how he's handling the virus and the economy, but it's also always going to be a choice. Biden has got to make a better fight of it, a bigger push than he is right now." "I understand his age and that he's in a vulnerable group," he concluded. " But you've got to find a way around it and come out, you know, from what seems almost to be hiding." Wallace also commented on President Trump's aversion to wearing a mask in front of the media, describing it as "a mistake on the part of the president. "I understand a president, any president not wanting, when he's addressing the country to wear a mask," he said, "but I do think there's a right and wrong in this particular case. I do think that our leaders ought to be modeling responsible behavior." finds voters trust Biden to do a better job than President Trump on health care by 17 points, coronavirus by 9, and relations with China by 6. Trump is trusted more on the economy by a slim 3-point margin. Overall, Biden holds an eight-point lead over Trump in the new poll (48-40) after the poll showed a tie between the two candidates the previous month.
https://www.foxnews.com/politics/trump-coronavirus-dem-governors-church-essential-open|1 day ago|Trump slams Dem governors for unfair treatment of churches during coronavirus|slammed , declaring houses of worship "essential" and saying churches haven't been respected during the shutdown. The president said the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention will soon be issuing new guidelines on the matter, after several governors – including California Gov. Gavin Newsom and Illinois Gov. J.B. Pritzker – have been under fire for their restrictions on houses of worship. Trump announced that houses of worship are allowed to open this weekend during a Friday press briefing: "if they don't do it, I will override the governors." On Thursday, he announced changes would be coming regarding CDC guidelines and houses of worship. "The churches are not being treated with respect by a lot of the Democrat governors," Trump told reporters on the White House lawn. "I want to get the churches open, and we're going to take a very strong position on that very soon ... including mosques." During a session with African-American leaders at a Ford plant in Ypsilanti, Mich., that has been repurposed to make ventilators, Trump was asked by a reporter if he is prioritizing churches over other establishments. He said he is not. "Churches, to me, they’re so important in terms of the psyche of our country," he said. "I think churches are essential." "People want to be in their churches," Trump explained. "It’s wonderful to sit at home and watch something on a laptop, but it can never be the same as being in a church and being with your friends, and they want to have it open. And I think that’s going to be happening very shortly, so that’s going to be put out. Maybe tomorrow, maybe today.” The church guidance is coming out “hopefully soon,” CDC spokeswoman Kristen Nordlund said Thursday afternoon. A senior administration official said it was expected to be released Friday. Trump's comments come after a number of pastors across the nation have said they are planning to reopen with or without permission from governors. This week, Chicago began for holding services that do not comply with the statewide stay-at-home order. The Chicago Police Department told Fox News that three churches will be hit with penalties for holding services last Sunday.
https://www.foxnews.com/opinion/memorial-day-fallen-comrades-show-how-thrive-coronavirus-rep-brian-mast|1 day ago|Rep. Brian Mast: Memorial Day and my fallen friends show us how to thrive after coronavirus|The pandemic has confronted our nation with many unique challenges. For the first time in our storied history, were asked to not go to work, to not hustle and to not exhaust ourselves. Now, we are presented with an equal number of questions about how to move forward and re-open. How does America ? How do we press forward? And how do we move on from the collapse of the routine that has always driven us on? I believe that Memorial Day can help provide the answer to these questions. Memorial Day gives us answers because we can reflect and seek spiritual guidance from the most selfless our country has ever known. We look to their grit. We ask ourselves what they would tell us to do and how would they ask us to revere the freedom they gave their last breath to provide. While they are no longer here to share what they learned in person, their stories leave us with lessons that are especially important in times where our country is challenged with adversity. Each week when I fly into Washington, D.C., I see the beautiful white crosses and Stars of David of Arlington National Cemetery from above. When my young boys, Magnum and Maverick, are with me we tour the seemingly endless Vietnam Veterans Memorial, the larger-than-life steel statues of the Korean War Memorial, or the expansive World War II Memorial. In my opinion, there are none from whom we can learn more than these heroes who gave it all so that we may live free. Gracing the walls of the building that houses my office are the names of each fallen brother and sister from my war. Each day, as I pass through the entrance, I see the faces of those I knew, and each time my eye catches a heading for all lost in a given month and year my mind replays conversations had with so many fallen friends. The etching of their names reminds us of their commitment to the fight and the way nothing would ever stop them. Every time, I wonder if we are worthy of their sacrifice. Just as each soldier strives to prove themselves each day of service, I believe my fallen friends would want each civilian to strive to prove themselves each day of free life. In that, I believe, lies the answer to how our country recovers from this crisis. So, this Memorial Day, I am reflecting on the sacrifice of my friends — that I served with, took fire with, climbed mountains in Afghanistan with, disarmed bombs with and took it to America’s enemies with — and the lessons we can learn from them: I believe Staff Sgt. Eric Trueblood (KIA 03/10/2011) would remind us that we are not measured by what we do when something is a walk in the park. Rather, we get measured when we face something that seems impossible. I believe Staff Sgt. David Day (KIA 04/24/2011) would tell us that the tougher the times, the tougher the people get built. Sgt. Justin Allen (KIA 07/18/2010) was never one to feel sorry for himself, so I believe he would take on the challenge with everything he’s got — not once complaining. Sgt. Anibal Santiago (KIA 07/18/2010) would probably challenge everybody — in language that isn’t fit to print — to have the courage to get out and live their lives. I believe Senior Chief Explosive Ordnance Disposal Technician Craig Vickers (KIA 08/06/2011) would remind us—in excruciating detail—that, no matter what we do, every minute still has 60 seconds, each hour still has 60 minutes and each day is still going to take 24 of those. We shouldn’t let time pass us by trying to evade life’s challenges. I believe Explosive Ordnance Disposal Technician Second Class Petty Officer Tyler Trahan (KIA 04/01/2009) would keep it simple: keep going no matter what, he might say. I believe Capt. Kyle Comfort (KIA 05/08/2010) would remind us that even knowing every possible detail about the coronavirus that there is to know, there is still going to be risk. I believe Doc Jonathan Peney (KIA 06/01/2010) would tell us that not even training to be safe is safe. I believe Sgt. Tanner Higgins (KIA 04/14/2012) would tell us not to waste a moment of this precious life that we have the privilege to live. I believe Sgt. Andrew Nicol (KIA 08/08/2010) would probably say that he didn’t live in tents, cargo ship containers, mud huts and swamps so the people he fought for can curl up and hide. Finally, I believe Sgt. 1st Class Lance Vogeler (KIA 10/01/2010) — one of my closest friends and who I would undoubtedly turn to for advice if he were still here — would share with me a couple lessons. Seek the positive in the negative, he would say. Commitment to life is not about the quantity of minutes we get but about the way we spend the minutes we have and how we effect those in our path. A massive quantity of his minutes were spent in combat fighting for us. He was killed during his 12th deployment, just days after I was taken off the battlefield by an improvised explosive device. Each Memorial Day I am given a renewed commitment to honor his sacrifice and the sacrifice of all those who were laid to rest beneath our beautiful flag of 50 stars and 13 red and white stripes. This Memorial Day, they all remind me that we are not made of glass and we don’t just break when we fall. I hope our nation can learn from them. We have been challenged by COVID-19, but Americans are never victims. If we wake up under the flag they charged into battle with then we wake up getting to decide that today will be a better day than yesterday and that this week will be better than last week. If we do not actively work to make it that way then we squander the life and freedom they gave everything to defend. So, for those honored by the slow hum of Taps, I pray that this Memorial Day the crack of their 21-gun salute can be so jarring that it wakes up the world.
https://video.foxnews.com/v/6158294567001/|__clean_error__|__clean_error__|
https://video.foxnews.com/v/6158295149001/|__clean_error__|__clean_error__|
https://video.foxnews.com/v/6158514252001/|__clean_error__|__clean_error__|
https://www.foxnews.com/entertainment/how-criminal-minds-handled-coronavirus|1 day ago|How 'Criminal Minds' would have handled coronavirus, according to the show's stars|" " aired its right before the put the world on pause, but some of the cast wishes the show would have continued and addressed the outbreak. In fact, A.J. Cook -- who played Special Agent Jennifer "JJ" Jareau on the CBS crime drama -- thinks the cast should reunite for a special. Cook, 41, told Fox News that solving a murder during a quarantine would be "incredibly interesting." "I think this whole quarantine thing would have been an interesting episode," she said. "Like what would that look like in today's landscape? How would a murder even be handled [by the BAU]? I think it would be incredibly interesting." Joe Mantegna, who played Senior Supervisory Special Agent David Rossi, and Kirsten Vangsness, who played genius computer hacker/BAU technical analyst Penelope Garcia, both agreed with Cook during a telephone interview about how the series is coming back for a summer-long marathon event on WEtv. All three former castmates are eager for some sort of reunion -- even if it's virtual for now. "The chemistry of everybody is just great. It's impossible to duplicate. That is real," Vangsness, 47, said. Cook added: "We have a group text chain and it's constantly going off. We keep each other informed." "Why the hell did they cancel the show?" wondered Mantegna, 72. The three reminisced about their years working on the series together. "One of the great things about an ensemble cast [is] that you get to follow the characters as individuals and collectively," Mantegna said. Cook and Vangsness complimented how "Criminal Minds" highlighted its female characters, which, according to Vangsness, "you don't often enough get to see" on other crime shows. "There were so many times throughout the series when the women were driving the car. There are so many crime shows where the dudes [are in control]," she said. Cook described how "Criminal Minds" portrayed women striving and struggling in both their professional and personal lives. "The show has always been about strong females," she said. "It shows the whole life of a woman. I have a lot of people come up to me who have responded to being a working mother and trying to be everywhere at once and the constant attempt at balance. It's relatable." Mantegna said that besides working with incredible women in front and behind the camera, he's "proud that I think that we represented the FBI as honestly as possible." "We never turned it in like a soap opera," he said. "Obviously, you take liberties and but I think at the end of the day, we showed it like it is. I've met enough FBI agents and spent time at Quantico to know that, collectively, I think they appreciated the show because I think they felt that we respected their jobs and portrayed them in an honest light." The "Criminal Minds" summer-long marathon begins Memorial Day Weekend (Saturday, May 23) through Labor Day (Monday, Sept. 7), on WEtv, airing back-to-back episodes every Saturday from 10 a.m. ET/1 a.m. PT, and every Monday from 4 p.m. ET/1:00 a.m. PT.
https://www.foxnews.com/opinion/rep-mike-gallagher-is-congress-nonessential-its-acting-that-way-but-heres-how-we-can-fix-that|1 day ago|Rep. Mike Gallagher: Is Congress nonessential? It's acting that way — but here's how we can fix that|The crisis has forced all Americans to ask the question: what are the essential and non-essential things in our lives? Amid this debate, as Americans struggle to survive the shutdown and as our country struggles to avoid a prolonged recession, it is odd that Congress, through its actions, would openly declare itself nonessential. has, after all, not congressed in any meaningful sense for over two months. During this time the largest spending bill in American history passed without amendments or a recorded vote. Last week Speaker , D-Calif., passed a rule allowing Congress to stay out of session until mid-July and a proxy voting proposal that would undo centuries of precedent and allow the speaker to pass legislation with less than 25 out of 435 members present. In other words, approximately 5 percent of the members of Congress are essential and the rest of us are nonessential. These developments should not come as a surprise. They are essentially the culmination of decades of dereliction of constitutional duty by Congress. We have gone from the Framers fearing that the legislature would necessarily predominate and suck everything into its impetuous vortex to the current situation where Congress has decided, like a character in the film "Office Space," that it is not going to quit, it is just going to stop going to work. What little power remains in the increasingly powerless institution is in the hands of an increasingly small number of people at the top of the legislative hierarchy. As I wrote two years ago reflecting on my first term in Congress: “I have come to believe that the problem (with Congress) is not the people. The problem is a defective process and a power structure that, whichever party is in charge, funnels all power to leadership and stifles debate and initiative within the ranks… “Leadership determines which bills come to the floor for a vote, leadership chooses loyal committee chairs so as to ensure that bills opposed by special interests will be killed in committee, and in the event that problematic amendments do make it to the House floor, the Rules Committee — an organ of the speaker — kills them off. The legislation that does pass tends to come in last-second omnibus bills that legislators have no chance to read, let alone debate and amend.” Two years later, the problem has gotten even worse. House Democratic leadership no longer need to rely on such subtle tactics to stifle debate and force rank-and-file members to cast up or down votes on multi-trillion dollar legislative packages: they now can simply keep us outside of Washington, D.C., and call a few of us back whenever the speaker needs their votes. President Obama said last weekend, “This pandemic has fully, finally torn back the curtain on the idea that so many of the folks in charge don’t know what they’re doing. A lot of them aren’t even pretending to be in charge.” I assume he was talking about Congress under Pelosi’s leadership. If so, I have to say what I don’t often say: I agree with President Obama. I know some conservatives might be tempted to think Congress’ inability to pass laws is a net positive. Yet the opposite is true. A feckless Congress further empowers unelected and unaccountable bureaucrats in the executive branch and activist judges in the judicial branch. A weak Congress passing complex, unreadable, 1,000-page bills written by a small group of staffers empowers special interests and fortifies the status quo against meaningful reform. A functional Congress is, in other words, essential. It is essential now more than ever. At a time when we are rapidly spending trillions of dollars that we do not have to combat coronavirus, Congress has to do oversight to ensure this money is having a positive impact. As we ramp up domestic manufacturing of PPE, it will require legislation passed by Congress to strengthen our medical supply chains and thereby wean America off of our dangerous dependency on cheap Chinese goods. As we confront relentless Chinese Communist Party propaganda, Congress must come together and figure out a foundation for winning this New Cold War. How do we fix Congress? A good start would be to end the vacation and reconvene in person, for at least two weeks, so that we can start to do our committee work, which cannot be done by proxy. This should in turn lead to an enduring change in the congressional schedule, where we end this foolish practice of flying in and out of town each week for meaningless votes. While we are at it, Democrats should join the newly launched China Task Force so Congress can reassert its role U.S. foreign policy and send a strong signal of support to our friends in Taiwan, Hong Kong and Xinjiang suffering from coercion and oppression by the Chinese Communist Party. It would also be a good idea to drain the pesky swamp that seems to just get swampier. Eventually this means we will need a complete overhaul and simplification of the budget committee and appropriations process. But for now, let’s start small with a simple prohibition on former members of Congress lobbying on behalf of foreign entities. As we emerge from the coronavirus crisis, Congress must reclaim its rightful constitutional authority. Nothing could be more essential.
https://www.foxnews.com/politics/pennsylvanias-wolf-begins-to-feel-pressure-from-fellow-dems-over-restrictions-report|1 day ago|Pennsylvania's Wolf begins to feel pressure from fellow Dems over restrictions: report|Some Democrats in are reportedly beginning to put some pressure on Gov. Tom Wolf about the state’s reopening process two months after his office issued a stay-at-home order. The Philadelphia Inquirer a few recent instances where Democrats seemed eager to see bigger steps in the state's reopening, including a letter from State. Sen. Maria Collett that relayed some frustrations of residents in Montgomery County. The Tuesday letter informed Wolf that many in her county have seen little evidence that Wolf's administration “recognizes and sympathizes with the added physical, emotional, and financial suffering they are facing as a result of our prolonged stay-at-home conditions, which you know.” Wolf has maintained that his top priority is safety, but like other states, residents have suffered financially from coronavirus guidelines. About 2 million Pennsylvania residents have lost their jobs since mid-March. Food and milk giveaways draw long lines. Some people have gone two months without money because of the state’s problem-plagued online unemployment benefits portal. “We’re making decisions based on the best information we have, and making the best decisions we can, based on the best models that are always changing and moving," Wolf said, PennLive.com. The state is reportedly taking a county-centric approach. The PennLive report said 37 of the state’s 67 counties are in the yellow stage, which essentially means caution and mitigation. Eighteen counties are red, which means a stay-at-home order is in place. President Trump recently talked about the state’s lockdown and said Pennsylvanians “want their freedom now.” The paper reported that Wolf’s response to the coronavirus has been praised and “Democrats aren’t exactly defecting” but there is some pressure. The paper reported that 16 Senate Democrats signed a letter recently for the governor’s office to consider permitting non-“life-sustaining” stores for curbside pickup. “The truth of the matter is we do need to start thinking about getting people back to work," State Sen. Steve Santarsiero, a Democrat, said. "I really think we’re getting very close to that point. Curbside pickup is part of that question. I think that would really help get things moving again.” Dr. Rachel Levine, Wolf’s health secretary, said the Health Department will soon release criteria for moving a county into the green phase of Wolf’s reopening plan. “As we release the metrics to go into the green zone, we’re also working on what life in the green zone would (look) like, especially for businesses, restaurants, etc.,” Levine said.
https://www.foxnews.com/science/coronavirus-testing-shortfall-in-crisis-affected-areas-risks-undetected-outbreaks|1 day ago|Coronavirus testing shortfall in crisis-affected areas risks undetected outbreaks|There are significant gaps in testing capability in war-torn parts of the world, raising the chance of new, undetected outbreaks of the coronavirus. Data compiled by the International Rescue Committee (IRC) reveals some of the lowest numbers of tests per million in the following countries: Yemen (31 tests per million), Chad (105 tests per million), Nigeria (165 tests per million), Mali (173 tests per million). The area of Northeast Syria is also of concern, with 59 tests per million. The IRC says this suggests significant under-detection of infections in those states, which is therefore preventing public health workers from doing the necessary contact tracing, isolation and treatment of cases to control the spread of COVID-19. “These startling figures speak to the dangerous prospect of undetected and potentially uncontrolled outbreaks in crisis and conflict-affected states. Rapid detection is essential for rapid response, and rapid response saves lives. COVID-19 has already brought the strongest health systems in the world to their knees - and we are now seeing virus hotspots growing in parts of Africa, Asia, the Middle East and Latin America," said David Miliband, president and CEO of the International Rescue Committee, in a statement provided to Fox News. The IRC notes that the U.S., which infectious disease experts say is still people relative to its large population, has carried out a total of 38,394 tests per million people, according to the World Health Organization. Still a much higher figure than in the conflict zones. “As part of a comprehensive and , testing and diagnostic services for COVID-19 must be available to all refugees and vulnerable groups in humanitarian settings," Miliband said. The IRC has warned about the particular vulnerability of people in war-torn areas and of amid the pandemic. “Without a truly global response, any effort, however extraordinary, to contain the virus nationally will be hampered by its spread and persistence internationally. As the administration and U.S. Congress consider the next round of supplemental funding for COVID-19, an additional $12 billion is needed for the international response. Urgent action is needed now to both secure additional resources and ensure that those resources reach frontline responses like the IRC’s. We are in a race against time," he said. As of Thursday evening, more than 5 million were infected and at least 329,816 had died worldwide from the new coronavirus.
https://www.foxnews.com/us/florida-woman-survives-life-threatening-dog-attack-diagnosed-covid-19-hospital-report|1 day ago|Florida woman in dog mauling later diagnosed with COVID-19: report|A woman who was mauled by a pack of dogs in her backyard and nearly died contracted the while recovering, a report said on Wednesday. Debbie Beaulieu was attacked on Feb. 7 in Spring Hill. She suffered serious injuries and underwent a number of surgeries, including one that shortened a leg two inches to connect blood vessels. She was revived twice in the operating room. Her daughter said she had attempted to save her Chihuahua from the four attacking dogs, WFTS-TV . “I don’t even know to this day how she survived that,” said her son in law, Falcon Dinis, according to Tampa's WFLA-TV. “Her skull is gone completely from here to the entire back. Her leg, it was pretty much eaten away." Dinis said she contracted the coronavirus while recovering at a rehabilitation facility. He said after months of recovery, his mother-in-law is COVID-19 free and just about ready to return home. Dinis added that she’s now worried about how she’s going to pay for the treatments, according to the report. "The damage she has sustained to every part of her body is beyond anybody's imagination. She has over 58 puncture wounds to her belly and back. The dogs chewed and tore both sides of her neck, her scalp has been completely detached and torn from ear to ear." he wrote in a back in February. Dinis is also going to host a car show fundraiser on July 12, the station . Until then, he said the day she finally gets released "is going to be one of the happiest days of my life."
https://www.foxnews.com/us/ap-count-over-4300-virus-patients-sent-to-ny-nursing-homes|1 day ago|Over 4,300 virus patients sent to NY nursing homes, AP counts|More than 4,300 recovering patients were sent to ’s already vulnerable nursing homes under a controversial state directive that was ultimately scrapped amid criticisms it was accelerating the nation’s deadliest outbreaks, according to a count by The Associated Press. AP compiled its own tally to find out how many COVID-19 patients were discharged from hospitals to nursing homes under the March 25 directive after New York’s Health Department declined to release its internal survey conducted two weeks ago. It says it is still verifying data that was incomplete. Whatever the full number, nursing home administrators, residents’ advocates and relatives say it has added up to a big and indefensible problem for facilities that even Gov. Andrew Cuomo — the main proponent of the policy — called “the optimum feeding ground for this virus.” “It was the single dumbest decision anyone could make if they wanted to kill people,” Daniel Arbeeny said of the directive, which prompted him to pull his 88-year-old father out of a Brooklyn nursing home where more than 50 people have died. His father later died of COVID-19 at home. “This isn’t rocket science,” Arbeeny said. “We knew the most vulnerable -- the elderly and compromised -- are in nursing homes and rehab centers.” Told of the AP’s tally, the Health Department said late Thursday it “can’t comment on data we haven’t had a chance to review, particularly while we’re still validating our own comprehensive survey of nursing homes admission and re-admission data in the middle of responding to this global pandemic.” Cuomo, a Democrat, on May 10 reversed the directive, which had been intended to help free up hospital beds for the sickest patients as cases surged. But he continued to defend it this week, saying he didn’t believe it contributed to the more than 5,800 nursing and adult care facility deaths in New York — more than in any other state — and that homes should have spoken up if it was a problem. “Any nursing home could just say, ‘I can’t handle a COVID person in my facility,’” he said, although the March 25 order didn’t specify how homes could refuse, saying that ”no resident shall be denied re-admission or admission to the (nursing home) solely based” on confirmed or suspected COVID-19. Over a month later, on April 29, the Health Department clarified that homes should not take any new residents if they were unable to meet their needs, including a checklist of standards for coronavirus care and prevention. In the meantime, some nursing homes felt obligated and overwhelmed. Gurwin Jewish, a 460-bed home on Long Island, seemed well-prepared for the coronavirus in early March, with movable walls to seal off hallways for the infected. But after the state order, a trickle of recovering COVID-19 patients from local hospitals turned into a flood of 58 people. More walls were put up, but other residents nonetheless began falling sick and dying. In the end, 47 Gurwin residents died of confirmed or suspected COVID-19. The state order “put staff and residents at great risk,” CEO Stuart Almer said. “We can’t draw a straight line from bringing in someone positive to someone catching the disease, but we’re talking about elderly, fragile and vulnerable residents.” The Society for Post-Acute and Long-Term Care Medicine, known as AMDA, had warned from the beginning that Cuomo’s order admitting infected patients posed a “clear and present danger” to nursing home residents. Now, Jeffrey N. Nichols, who serves on the executive committee of the group, said “the effect of that order was to contribute to 5,000 deaths.” Nationally, over 35,500 people have died from coronavirus outbreaks at nursing homes and long-term care facilities, about a third of the overall death toll, according to the AP’s running tally. Cuomo has deflected criticism over the nursing home directive by saying it stemmed from Trump administration guidance. Still, few states went as far as New York and neighboring New Jersey, which has the second-most care home deaths, in discharging hospitalized coronavirus patients to nursing homes. California followed suit but loosened its requirement following intense criticism. Some states went in the opposite direction. Louisiana barred hospitals for 30 days from sending coronavirus patients to nursing homes with some exceptions. And while Louisiana reported about 1,000 coronavirus-related nursing home deaths, far fewer than New York, that was 40% of Louisiana’s statewide death toll, a higher proportion than in New York. New York’s Health Department told the AP May 8 it was not tracking how many recovering COVID-19 patients were taken into nursing homes under the order. But it was at that very moment surveying administrators of the state’s over 1,150 nursing homes and long-term care facilities on just that question. Those survey results have yet to be released. But regardless, the Health Department said, the survey had no bearing on Cuomo’s announcement May 10 that “we’re just not going to send a person who is positive to a nursing home after a hospital visit.” Cuomo said such patients would be accommodated elsewhere, such as sites originally set up as temporary hospitals. To some, the governor’s reversal came too late. “It infected a great number of people in nursing homes who had no business getting infected, including short-term residents who were there for rehabilitation after surgeries,” said John Dalli, a New York attorney who specializes in nursing home cases. To be sure, incoming residents weren’t the only possible source of infection. Some homes believe a bigger contribution came from staffers and residents unaware they had the virus. And some say they would have taken on COVID-19 patients regardless of the state’s order. “There were nursing homes that realized that there was a void,” said Sarah Colomello, a spokeswoman for Thompson House in Rhinebeck. The 100-bed facility set up an isolated unit where affiliated hospitals nearby have sent at least 21 patients. It has reported no deaths. Cuomo administration officials say the original directive came when the governor feared the hospital system would be overwhelmed and was focused on creating as much hospital space as possible. That was welcomed by one of the many hospital systems and nursing homes surveyed for AP’s count. Northwell Health said three of its medical centers were so overtaxed at one point they had to put some ICU patients in hallways. To relieve pressure, the company eventually sent more than 1,700 COVID-19 patients to nursing homes. “Suffice it say, our hospitals were under stress,” spokesman Terence Lynam said.
https://www.foxnews.com/us/america-together-uplifting-images|__clean_error__|__clean_error__|
https://www.foxnews.com/politics/trump-blasts-michigan-ag-for-viciously-threatening-ford-for-letting-him-tour-plant-without-mask|1 day ago|Trump blasts Michigan AG for 'viciously threatening' Ford for letting him tour plant without mask|blasted the attorney general of late Thursday after she said she was going to have a “very serious conversation” with Motor Co. for allowing the president to go without a mask during part of a tour of the company's Rawsonville Components Plant in Ypsilanti. “The Wacky Do Nothing Attorney General of Michigan, Dana Nessel, is viciously threatening Ford Motor Company for the fact that I inspected a Ventilator plant without a mask,” Trump tweeted after his tour. “Not their fault, & I did put on a mask. No wonder many auto companies left Michigan, until I came along!” Trump did wear a mask for part of the tour of the plant that has been repurposed to make medical supplies, but refused to put it on in front of reporters -- although at least one photographer snapped a photo that was posted on social media. It showed the president wearing a mask that included the presidential seal. "I had one on before,” Trump told reporters during the visit. “I wore one on in this back area. I didn't want to give the press the pleasure of seeing it. In the back area I did have a mask on. I had goggles and a mask right back there.” He added it wasn’t necessary to wear a mask around reporters and Ford representatives in the front of the plant because “Everybody's been tested.” Nessel told CNN the state would be speaking to Ford about allowing the president to go without a mask for the public portion of the tour in what she said was a violation of Gov. Gretchen Whitmer’s executive order requiring masks in enclosed public spaces. "They knew exactly what the order was and if they permitted anyone, even the president of the United States, to defy that order, I think it has serious health consequences potentially to their workers,” . She also said she was "ashamed" to have him as the president and she hoped Michigan voters "will remember this when November comes, that he didn't care enough about their safety, he didn't care about their welfare, he didn't respect them enough just to engage in the very simple task, the painless task, the easy task of wearing a mask when he was provided one." Trump suggested in another tweet that Ford might leave Michigan if it's held accountable for his actions. “Do nothing A.G. of the Great State of Michigan, Dana Nessel, should not be taking her anger and stupidity out on Ford Motor - they might get upset with you and leave the state, like so many other companies have - until I came along and brought business back to Michigan. JOBS!” he wrote. When asked if it was true that it wasn’t required that the president wear a mask, Ford’s CEO, Jim Hackett, told reporters, “It’s up to him.” In a statement Thursday afternoon, the Ford Motor Company added: “Bill Ford encouraged President Trump to wear a mask when he arrived. He wore a mask during a private viewing of three Ford GTs from over the years. The president later removed the mask for the remainder of the visit.” Bill Ford, the great-grandson of Henry Ford, has been the company’s executive chairman. Nessel later responded to Trump on Twitter, defending the state's auto industry. "Hi! After struggling with our Gov & SOS, impressed you know my name," she wrote. "Seems like you have a problem with all 3 women who run MI-as well as your ability to tell the truth. The auto industry has been thriving for years bc of our incredible auto workers & companies." She added that it was hard to say she's done nothing "with all the lawsuits myself and the other @DemocraticAGs have filed and won against you."
https://www.foxnews.com/sports/robert-kraft-super-bowl-li-ring-sells-1-million-auction-benefiting-coronavirus|1 day ago|Robert Kraft's Super Bowl LI ring sells for over $1M at auction benefiting coronavirus relief|owner Robert Kraft auctioned off his prized ring from Super Bowl LI for more than $1 million Thursday, with the proceeds to be donated to relief efforts. Dozens of fans sought the diamond-encrusted piece of history, which commemorates the Patriots' 34-28 come-from-behind victory over the in Houston on Feb. 5, 2017. “We came back, and we won,” Kraft said when announcing the auction. “And I thought about what’s going on at this time and wanted to give something of extreme value in support of our health-care workers." “It showed how we came back," he added. "We’re the greatest country in the world with the greatest people who feel a sense of team and work together during the toughest times.” Offered at a starting bid of $75,000, the 5.1-carat ring ultimately sold for $1.025 million, following 35 total bids over 12 days. The auction was part of the All-In Challenge, an effort to aid multiple charities fighting food insecurity during the coronavirus pandemic, including Feeding America, Meals On Wheels, World Central Kitchen, and No Kid Hungry. "More than ever before, families will struggle to provide food as tens of millions are out of work, kids are out of school, many are at risk of losing their income, and our most vulnerable are self-isolating," the effort's organizers said on their . In addition to Kraft's ring, the winning bidder will visit the team owner himself, after being flown to New England on Kraft's private plane. The piece of jewelry was one of the largest championship rings ever created, featuring 10-karat white gold and 283 diamonds. "We're gonna have a good time as I give you this ring, show you around and maybe have a bite or two," Kraft said . The Patriots' win over Atlanta has been called the greatest comeback in Super Bowl history. New England was down 28-3 with just over two minutes remaining in the third quarter, before storming back to tie the contest within the final minute of regulation. A two-yard touchdown run by running back James White later gave the Patriots a 34-28 overtime victory. The All-In Challenge had raised more than $45.5 million for coronavirus relief as of Thursday night. It was founded by Michael Rubin, a co-owner of the NBA's Philadelphia 76ers and NHL's New Jersey Devils. Other high-profile items at the auction include a private golf lesson from , currently at $190,000, and 18 holes of golf with , about at $120,000. Kraft has won six Super Bowls since purchasing the Patriots in 1994. All of the victories featured quarterback Tom Brady, who recently left the team to join the Tampa Bay Buccaneers.
https://www.foxnews.com/us/california-thief-accused-stealing-camera-equipment-selling-back-owner-police-say|1 day ago|California man accused of stealing camera equipment tried to sell items back to store owner, police say|A man recently released from jail was arrested again Wednesday after allegedly equipment from a local business before trying to sell the items back to the store's owner later that day, authorities said. Police said they received a call about a burglary at a Riverside store around 10 a.m. The owner told them several hundred dollars worth of camera equipment was stolen. Earlier that day, the owner -- unaware of the break-in -- had been walking near the store when the suspect, later identified as Johnny Robles, 25, "approached him offering to sell camera equipment," police said in a news release. "The owner recognized the equipment as belonging to him and went back to his business where he verified a break-in occurred," according to the Riverside Police Department. "When he came back, he attempted to detain the suspect after calling the police." When officers arrived at the scene, they said Robles "immediately" fled before he was eventually cornered into a fence and detained. He was safely taken into custody and the stolen property was returned to the victim, police said. "A records check on the suspect showed he is currently on probation for violence against the police, along with various other violations related to theft, drugs, and resisting arrest," the department added. Robles had been released from jail “the other day” due to California’s zero-bail order during the coronavirus crisis, the release said, according to Los Angeles's . It's not clear what he was arrested for before his earlier release from jail. Following the robbery on Wednesday, Robles was booked into jail for commercial burglary and probation violations. He's being held on $10,000 bail for the violation of probation charge, the department .
https://www.foxnews.com/us/atlanta-employee-arrested-by-fbi-for-lying-about-contracting-coronavirus|1 day ago|Atlanta employee arrested for allegedly lying about COVID-19, FBI says|A man was arrested by the FBI for defrauding the Atlanta-based company he worked for by allegedly lying about having the , the U.S. Attorney’s Office for the Northern District of Georgia said in a press release Thursday. Santwon Antonio Davis, 34, allegedly faked a coronavirus doctor’s note, prompting his employer, an unidentified Fortune 500 company, to close the business for sanitizing. “The defendant caused unnecessary economic loss to his employer and distress to his coworkers and their families,” U.S. Attorney Byung J. “BJay” Pak said in a statement. “We will take quick action through the Georgia COVID-19 Task Force to put a stop to criminals preying on Georgia companies and the public with Coronavirus-related fraud schemes.” The company lost around $100,000 from closing the business and continuing to pay its employees. Several of Davis’ coworkers also unnecessarily quarantined themselves. Davis later reportedly admitted he didn't have the virus. “Scammers continue to take advantage of the COVID-19 pandemic through a variety of means,” Chris Hacker, Special Agent in Charge of FBI Atlanta, said in a statement. “We receive numerous complaints every day and this case is a reminder that we remain vigilant in detecting, investigating and prosecuting any wrongdoing related to the crisis.” Davis has previously served a total of 18 months for three prison sentences since 2006, for theft, criminal damage to property and trespassing, the reported. The FBI is investigating the case.
https://www.foxnews.com/science/smithsonian-collecting-coronavirus-artifacts-document-historic-outbreak|1 day ago|Smithsonian collecting coronavirus 'artifacts' to document historic outbreak|curators in Washington, D.C., have launched a project to collect from the pandemic, according to a . Curators on the American History Museum’s are seeking handwritten grocery lists, letters from patients, personal protective equipment, test kits and ventilators. "Obviously those are objects we will not collect until the pandemic has really wound down," said Alexandra Lord, the chair of the American History Museum's medicine and science division. "We don't want to put pressure on supplies." "There's a whole set of protocol around artifacts that we can't follow right now," Lord added. The gatherers don’t want to disturb the here and now, as , but they do want to preserve this living memory. Other museums are trying to preserve these moments in time, as well. Digital photographs are being sought for a new " online collection. "Three, five, 10 years from now, we really don't want the human impact of this story to get lost. And so that's what we're really trying to collect," said Melanie Adams, the director of the Anacostia Community Museum, which spearheads that collection. Curators at the National Museum of African American History and Culture are collecting oral histories of the black experience. "It's important to make sure that those stories from African Americans are included in the record," said Dwandalyn R. Reece, the museum's associate director for curatorial affairs. Black people are dying in disproportionate numbers from COVID-19 in the United States; people of color are especially exposed because they are more likely to hold many of the jobs that were deemed essential and, as the reopening starts, they are likely to be among those whose workplaces open first. For instance, in New York City -- the epicenter of the U.S. outbreak, black people make up just under 25 percent of the population, but . That has been the question of freedom as America begins a new normal. Delmonte Jefferson, a black public health professional in Atlanta, said African-Americans and other people of color want to mitigate the economic damage as much as anyone else -- especially since those groups are among the ones who are suffering the most from the downturn. But they don’t want a return at all costs, he said. “Even the thought of opening the country back up shows that African-Americans aren’t being valued,” said Jefferson, executive director of the Atlanta-based National African American Tobacco Prevention Network.
https://video.foxnews.com/v/6158638220001/|__clean_error__|__clean_error__|
https://www.foxnews.com/media/janice-dean-cuomo-nursing-home-policy-coronavirus|1 day ago|Janice Dean slams Cuomo nursing home policy after losing in-laws to COVID-19: 'Not just numbers on a curve'|Fox News senior meteorologist Janice Dean told " " Thursday that New York Gov. 's failed nursing home policy should be "one of the biggest" stories of the year after both of her parents-in-law lost their lives to the . "I have not seen the coverage of this ... ," an emotional Dean said. "Twenty percent of our lost loved ones are from nursing homes ... because Governor Cuomo and several other governors forced COVID-recovering patients into nursing homes." Dean, who rarely comments on political issues, felt compelled to speak out after watching a in which anchor -- the governor's younger brother -- the growing and instead performed prop comedy with giant cotton swabs. "The fact that I am seeing, last night, him ... making fun, inappropriate jokes and insensitive jokes, cruel jokes ... make no mistake," Dean said, "I am glad that Chris Cuomo has recovered from COVID because he apparently did have it. And I'm glad that their family is well, but my family is not well. And that is not something to joke about." Cuomo has been roundly criticized over New York's initial policy that required nursing homes to accept COVID-19 hospital patients who had been discharged from hospitals. On May 10, New York reversed the policy amid criticism and the mounting death toll. Officially, 5,876 residents of New York state nursing homes or assisted living facilities have died of COVID-19 as of Thursday. However, the state health department count does not include residents who died "outside the facility," such as at a hospital. Dean said that very fate befell her mother-in-law. "His [Sean's ] mom ... was rushed to the hospital, died in the hospital and her number will not be counted as a nursing home or assisted living home [death] because of the governor's policy of saying that she died in the hospital, even though it was confirmed COVID," Dean said. Dean added that her father-in-law was transferred to what she believes was a floor with COVID-19 patients days before he succumbed to the virus. Sean's dad "was a New York City firefighter and was in the U.S. Air Force," said Dean. "These people are real people. They are not just numbers on a curve." Highlighting the plight of so many who have lost ones to the pandemic, Dean said it was difficult not to honor the memory of her children's grandparents with a funeral, and that her family is taking the loss "day by day." "We weren't able to have a funeral for them or celebrate their life properly. That was very difficult from the normal way that people would mourn. We didn't have that."
https://www.foxnews.com/entertainment/goldie-hawn-cries-probably-three-times-a-day-coronavirus-pandemic|1 day ago|Goldie Hawn says she cries 'probably 3 times a day' over thought of ‘abuse,’ ‘anger’ happening amid pandemic|is getting candid about how she's feeling amid the . The 74-year-old actress appeared on " " on Thursday where she revealed that she cries multiple times per day over her concerns for others during these trying times. "We are very lucky and I’m incredibly grateful, but I do feel a tremendous angst and a tremendous sadness,” Hawn said, according to . She continued: “I find every day I cry probably three times a day because it hurts me to think that there is abuse going on, anger going on and this all has to do with confinement, fear and uncertainty about what is going to happen. It’s catastrophizing.” Per the outlet, the actress also acknowledged that her and s quarantine likely looks different than most because “we are in a rarefied world, we have lovely houses and places to be, my family live very close and we do a lot of social distancing," she said. In an interview with last month, the MindUp founder and mom of three offered a tip to people during self-isolation. "Before you go to bed, think of three things that went well today," she advised. "I don’t care if it’s a little crazy thing – it doesn’t matter.”
https://www.foxnews.com/media/larry-daniel-hume-store-closed-phil-murphy|1 day ago|New Jersey father, son accuse Murphy of 'picking winners and losers' after their shop is shut down|The father-son owners of a gift shop slammed Democratic New Jersey Gov. on " " Thursday after their shop was shut down by the state, despite meeting the governor's stated criteria of selling "essential" items. "There hasn't been a follow-up yet," Daniel Hume said. "We are working on that. We are seeking interpretation, a better explanation, because right now it just seems that the governor is picking winners and losers." Daniel Hume and his father Larry operate Sunset Beach Gift Shop in Cape May. They told host Tucker Carlson they were shut down by Trenton officials who told them they "didn't meet the cut." "I don't know if it's because we are primarily a retail and gift store that we don't get to earn a paycheck or provide for our families," Daniel Hume said. "I don't know." "We thought, in fact, we were obeying the law, selling 25 percent of the essential products," Larry Hume added. "We actually have only sold essential products, and according to the governor's own executive order issued about businesses being allowed to remain open, he said any businesses that sell food are considered essential," Daniel Hume continued. "So that was our reasoning for opening back up." Larry Hume that many of the items in his store can also be found at local Wawas -- which remain open. Dan Hume suggested the lockdown orders have morphed into a concerted "hollowing-out of the average American." In his telling, while "big-box" chains are given breaks, officials point small proprietors toward a government handout instead of allowing them to operate a business. Host Tucker Carlson asked rhetorically whether Murphy, previously a high-paid Goldman Sachs executive, would treat that institution as a "non-essential" business. "Not at all," one of the Humes responded. "I have a feeling Goldman Sachs is essential in New Jersey," Carlson concurred.
https://www.foxnews.com/media/katie-pavlich-planned-parenthood-coronavirus-aid|1 day ago|Pavlich decries Planned Parenthood coronavirus aid: 'They get $500 million-plus from taxpayers every year'|Fox News contributor Katie Pavlich joined " " to discuss how several Planned Parenthood affiliates got $80 million in aid from the Paycheck Protection Program (PPP) despite rules restricting them from receiving the money due to the number of employees the organizations have. "Not only do they get $500 million-plus from taxpayers every year, they also have $600 million-plus that come in from private donations every year, "Pavlich said Thursday. "And when you look at the details of these these affiliates, dozens of them applied for this small business funding. "The main umbrella organization, Planned Parenthood, is saying, 'Well, we didn't apply as a big organization, but these smaller organizations that are affiliated with us apply because they should be eligible given the small number of employees.' And so that's the way that they are justifying it." On Thursday, 27 senators led by Tom Cotton, R-Ark., signed a letter asking Attorney General William Barr to investigate how the affiliates got the money. Earlier this week, "Tucker Carlson Tonight" learned that the Small Business Administration (SBA) is reaching out to the affiliates that improperly self-certified as eligible for the stimulus cash and asking for the money back. "And the vice president of governmental affairs is saying that the SBA, which is asking these affiliates to give the money back -- that they should -- that this is an unrelenting attack on abortion rights," Pavlich said. "But they also argue, the affiliates, that the money was being used to save employee paychecks. Well, if it was about saving employee paychecks. then why is she making the argument that this is an attack on abortion rights?" Pavlich also noted that when the CARES act was initially passed in March, the Planned Parenthood Action Fund made clear that Planned Parenthood was not eligible for the funding. "So the question that the senators have for the Justice Department to look into is whether these applications were made in a valid, non-fraudulent way," Pavlich said. "Why is it that some affiliates under Planned Parenthood, who should be receiving plenty of money from this massive organization, were getting taxpayer money and will they be forced to give it back, given the vast majority of resources that they have?"
https://www.foxnews.com/media/dr-scott-jensen-cdc-bungled-coronavirus-response|1 day ago|Dr. Scott Jensen bashes CDC, says bungled coronavirus response has 'kept us mired down'|Dr. Scott Jensen, a family physician and Minnesota state senator, criticized the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) Thursday, telling " " that people need to look at the organization differently due to its ineffective response. "The CDC has been around since the 1940s and its original intent was to help against malaria. But through steady mission creep, they've become something they were never intended to be," Jensen said. "And for certain, it's a political organization." Jensen blamed the CDC for hindering the U.S. response to the coronavirus pandemic saying they had "bungled the testing right out of the blocks." "But what was even worse than that was once they realized they bungled it, instead of looking to someone who was already moving forward and getting some help," Jensen said. "Epidemiologist Larry Brilliant made the comment that they should have just swallowed their pride, reached out to Germany and use their testing. But instead, the CDC kept us mired down." The CDC disclosed Thursday that they are combining the result of viral and antibody coronavirus tests, possibly the skewing the overall positivity rate. "Seven weeks ago, in regards to how to code death certificates and now we find out that, unconscionably, they are mixing serology tests with PCR tests," Jensen said. "And this has no place in their work, because these numbers are driving governors decisions as to closing things down or opening things up to the American people. "[We] need to draw a line in the sand and say, we're going to have to look at the CDC differently than we have before." "I think they've they've absolutely fractured the trust," Jensen added. Earlier this week, that the CDC plans to launch a nationwide study involving more than 300,000 people to track the spread of coronavirus.
https://video.foxnews.com/v/6158448303001/|__clean_error__|__clean_error__|
https://www.foxnews.com/us/elderly-tortoise-up-for-adoption-massachusetts-owner-dies-coronavirus|1 day ago|Elderly tortoise up for adoption in Massachusetts after owner dies of coronavirus|An elderly with a penchant for fruit salad and dandelions is looking for a home after her previous owner recently passed away from the . Ms. Jennifer was brought to the Massachusetts Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals (MSPCA) on May 9 following her owner's hospitalization. She's since been showered with affection and lots of vegetables from staffers to make life a little easier. “Now, with no home to go back to, Ms. Jennifer needs a hero more than ever,” the adoption agency said in a statement. Her owner “absolutely doted” on her, the MSPCA said, including scheduling her for wellness checkups, bringing her along on errands and showing her off to friends. Ms. Jennifer celebrated her 53rd birthday on Wednesday. The MSPCA threw her a party complete with time outside and, of course, fruit salad. “We like to think she knows the attention is for her, and that she feels the love and support of all of us taking care of her,” said Victoria Odynsky, manager of the MSPCA-Angell’s Boston adoption center. The reptile, which weight 4 pounds and measures the size of a plate, is perfect for a reptile or turtle enthusiast, the agency said. She might be the oldest animal the center has ever been charged with adopting, it said. Unfortunately, the global pandemic has resulted in an uptick in animals being turned over for adoption from pet owners who have died, fell ill or are too financially strapped to care for them, Odynsky said. As of Thursday, the agency had received 400 inquiries about Ms. Jennifer, MSPCA spokesperson Rob Halpin told Fox News. Anyone interested in adopting Ms. Jennifer can email for more information.
https://video.foxnews.com/v/6158440166001/|__clean_error__|__clean_error__|
https://video.foxnews.com/v/6158444884001/|__clean_error__|__clean_error__|
https://www.foxnews.com/media/maryland-pastor-shutdown-order-unfair-unjust-unconstitutional|1 day ago|Maryland pastor who shredded shutdown order: 'It's unfair, it's unjust, it's unconstitutional'|A pastor who went viral for shredding a local government's cease-and-desist order to halt in-person services told " " Thursday that he and his congregants are "tired of being told to sit at the house." Rev. Stacey Shiflett of the Calvary Baptist Church in Dundalk held a Wednesday night service with a reduced congregation capacity that was in line with Republican Gov. Larry Hogan's restrictions but defied a separate edict Baltimore County edict. "I'm tearing up this cease-and-desist order right here and I'm telling you right now, we're going to do it God's way," he told the congregation as he tore up the document. "Pharaoh doesn't get to dictate to God's people how they worship their God. God is the one that defines the parameters, God is the one that communicates his Will and his Plan for his church, not Egypt." Shiflett told host Laura Ingraham the community's reaction to his stand has been "overwhelming." "I didn't plan on doing that, it wasn't scripted," he said. "I happened to have it in my hands and there's two things that get me passionate: one is the American flag and the other is the Word of God. Those two things have been jeopardized here in the last few months. "It reached a boiling point for me last night and I decided we couldn't take it anymore and it's time to push back." Shiflett commented on the apparently arbitrary nature of many of the lockdown orders -- which restrict access to some places, but not others, and prohibit some social practices while allowing others. "We all know that the coronavirus only goes to church, it doesn't go to Home Depot, it doesn't go to the grocery store, it doesn't go anywhere except to church," he said, adding that the government has tried to indoctrinate people with the help of their "so-called experts." "We're just going to church," Shiflett said. "We are tired of being told to sit at the house. When a man can take his daughter to the abortion clinic but he can't take her to church, when a woman can take her son to the liquor store but can't take him to church, when the marijuana dispensaries are flourishing and churches are shuttered, it's time for somebody to say something." The pastor added that he was shocked at how many clergy appear content to go along with government edicts instead of exercising their First Amendment rights and said streaming services online was a poor substitute for physical presence in a church. "You can't have church the way God intended for it to [be] through livestream," he said. "It's time to push back and it's unfair, it's unjust, it's unconstitutional and we are tired of it." .
https://www.foxnews.com/us/mexicali-coronavirus-california-county-mexican-border|1 day ago|Coronavirus cases spike in California county on Mexican border|. As much of begins allowing businesses to reopen amid improved coronavirus conditions, a farming region bordering Mexico is experiencing a spike in hospitalizations that some believe is driven by American citizens who live in Mexico coming to the U.S. for care. How quickly different parts of California reopen depends on the ability by country officials to control the virus. So the surge in the Imperial Valley region could hurt its perpetually struggling economy, which is heavily intertwined with the large industrial city of Mexicali, Mexico. El Centro Regional Medical Center, the Imperial Valley's largest hospital, admitted 14 infected patients Monday night. That sent its coronavirus caseload soaring to 65 and prompted the hospital to temporarily stop accepting new COVID-19 patients. The coronavirus caseload at the region's only other hospital, Pioneer Memorial Hospital, rose to 28 on Monday from 19 two days earlier. Caseloads eased by Wednesday but only after the El Centro hospital sent seven new patients to San Diego County for treatment and Pioneer transferred nine patients elsewhere in Southern California. The spike is "coming to us from somewhere and we want to make sure that we don't overwhelm either one of the hospitals and overwhelm the system with COVID patients to the point that we can't take care of you," said Dr. Adolphe Edward, El Centro Regional Medical Center's chief executive officer, in a video posted on his hospital's Facebook page. He believes U.S. citizens living on the Mexican side of the border are driving the increase, saying hospital staff have spoken with coronavirus patients who say they have addresses in Imperial Valley but live in Mexicali. Three private Mexicali hospitals have stopped accepting COVID-19 patients and patients who show up in their emergency rooms are offered transportation to Mexicali's public hospital. Mexicali is the state capital of Baja California state, which also includes Tijuana, and has one of Mexico's highest infection rates. The state reported 96 cases for every 100,000 people on Tuesday, up from 55 cases per 100,000 people two weeks earlier, and it has registered more than 10 percent of Mexico's 6,090 COVID-19 deaths. California has a different story, with Gov. Gavin Newsom this week citing improved conditions as the reason for relaxing health standards so that many of the state's counties can more quickly reopen businesses and recreational activities. So far, 40 of the state's 58 counties have met the conditions and received state approval to move ahead. More are in the pipeline. Imperial County is among a handful of counties, including Los Angeles, that do not yet meet the requirements for controlling the virus. Imperial's roughly 180,000 residents rank it 30th among California's counties for population but its 74 hospitalized virus patients on Wednesday made it the seventh-highest for those patients. Over the last two weeks, virus deaths in Imperial County have doubled to 18, hospitalizations are up 30 percent and confirmed infections rose 61 percent, according to state data. Larry Lewis, Pioneer hospital's chief executive officer, said the spike may have been the result of Mother's Day gatherings "It's a very difficult process to identify," Lewis said. "There was a jump about two weeks after Easter. This is about 10 days after Mother's Day and now we're wondering what's going to happen after Memorial Day." Very little happens in the Imperial Valley that isn't influenced by Mexicali, a sprawling city of 1 million people with factories that churn out aerospace parts, medical devices and other products for export to the U.S. Imperial County, one of California's poorest, provides much of the lettuce, carrots and other vegetables for U.S. supermarkets during winter. Many workers who pick the crops come from Mexicali and begin standing in line at 2 a.m. daily to cross into the U.S. for their shifts. The cross-border traffic is also driven by Mexican shoppers seeking cheaper goods or more variety, with cars with Mexican license plates often filling the Imperial Valley Mall parking lot. And many children in Mexicali commute daily to school on the U.S. side of the border in El Centro, population about 45,000. "Our malls are here because of the Mexicali consumer, not Imperial Valley," said El Centro Mayor Efrain Silva. "We are totally dependent on them." Even when Imperial County's economy is relatively strong, it regularly posts one of the highest U.S. unemployment rates. It had the nation's highest in March at 20.5 percent, a month only partially affected by the business closures and stay-at-home orders prompted by the pandemic. The recent spike in virus cases means Imperial County will reopen more slowly than California counties with low COVID-19 numbers that now can allow shopping in stores and diners in restaurants, among other things. Imperial County's grocery stores and pharmacies are currently open but restaurants are only allowed to have take-out or curbside service. The schools normally attended by children crossing the border remain closed. Authorities cannot prevent U.S. citizens who live south of the border from heading to Imperial Valley hospitals for treatment. Many people living in the area have residences on both sides of the border, with some working and living on the U.S. side during the week but living on the Mexican side during the weekends, Silva said. "It's very complicated," he said.
https://www.foxnews.com/us/cuomo-administration-paid-out-10b-ny-unemployment-claims-battling-coronavirus-backlog|1 day ago|Cuomo administration has paid out $10B in NY unemployment claims, battling coronavirus backlog|state is chipping away at its severe backlog of unemployment claims and has paid out over $10 billion in benefits to more than 2 million constituents, state Labor Commissioner Roberta Reardon said Thursday. The massive payout nearly quadruples the $2.1 billion in claims paid for the entirety of last year. The wave of joblessness struck in tandem with the coronavirus pandemic, with the Labor Department reporting more than 1.6 billion claims as of April 25, a number which has only risen throughout the month of May. So far, 1,194,933 people who filed for unemployment before April 22 have received their payments. Reardon said 7,580 additional claims are missing information and cannot be processed and another 15,831 are going through final processing that includes a check for fraud and identity theft. The state has processed another 20,801 claims but hasn’t released those benefits because individuals haven’t submitted federally mandated weekly certifications. The Labor Department has been overwhelmed by claims, but some New Yorkers have complained about flaws in the system that make getting help slow and arduous. The majority of the backlog consists of gig workers, contractors and self-employed people, as well as people who can't go to work because their children are home from school. New York hired an additional 3,000 staffers to help distribute hundreds of thousands of unemployment payments. “We will continue to try to get in touch with everyone who applied so we can connect them with the benefits they are eligible for,” Reardon said.
https://www.foxnews.com/politics/sen-rick-scott-bill-would-coronavirus-vaccine-research-from-china|1 day ago|Sen. Rick Scott bill would protect coronavirus vaccine research from China|Sen. , R-Fla., joined several of his GOP colleagues on Thursday in introducing legislation aimed at protecting America's vaccine research from interference from 's communist government. Alongside Sens. Mike Braun of Indiana, Marsha Blackburn of Tennessee, Joni Ernst of Iowa, Martha McSally of Arizona, Tom Cotton of Arkansas and Ted Cruz of Texas, Scott unveiled the "COVID-19 Vaccine Protection Act," to prevent China from "stealing or sabotaging American COVID-19 vaccine research," according to a press release from Scott's office. The bill will require a national security evaluation and clearance by the Department of (DHS), the Department, and the (FBI) for all Chinese student visa holders who are taking part in any activities related to coronavirus vaccine research. In a statement about the bill, Scott said, “Communist China is responsible for the Coronavirus pandemic, and their lies and misinformation cost American lives. We cannot let Communist China off the hook for this, and we absolutely cannot allow Communist China to steal or sabotage any American research efforts related to the Coronavirus vaccine. The COVID-19 Vaccine Protection Act protects American efforts to create a vaccine as we work to end this pandemic.” Blackburn said China's government had stolen U.S. intellectual property in the past and will likely sit back and wait for the researchers to make progress on the vaccine, before capitalizing on their efforts to infiltrate U.S. infrastructure. “The Chinese Communist Party is notorious for stealing American technology to make up for China’s pitiful inability to self-innovate," she said in a statement. "We will not stand idly by and watch them steal American vaccine research through spies posing as students, which is why I have led efforts to eliminate Confucius Institutes on college campuses. As we race to find a cure for a virus that has killed nearly 100,000 Americans, we need confidence that the CCP does not harm U.S. efforts to create a vaccine.” Cotton went so far as to suggest that Chinese agents may attempt to sabotage American efforts to find a vaccination for COVID-19, adding that these nefarious actions are par for the when it comes to dealing with Beijing. “The Chinese Communist Party wants to steal or sabotage the vaccine for the pandemic it caused," he said. "The federal government ought to investigate Chinese nationals taking part in vaccine research to prevent this spying, which follows the same playbook Beijing uses to steal our research in other fields of study.” In addition to the requirements listed above, the bill will also require the DHS, in consultation with the State Department, Justice Department (DOJ), FBI, Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) and several other agencies, to complete an enhanced vetting process of Chinese nationals who are currently in the U.S. as nonimmigrants under F, J, or M student visas, so they can determine if any of them pose a threat to America's national security. After the review, the bill authorizes the DHS secretary to liaise with the agencies previously listed, to continue to monitor all nonimmigrant student visa holders (F, M, and J) who are nationals of the People's Republic of China, while they are in the U.S. "and are engaged in, or have access to, the research of any potential COVID–19 vaccine or COVID–19 related material." There is also a requirement that there be a briefing to Congress on the results of the review. This isn't the first time Scott has led the U.S. charge against China. In an with Fox News earlier this month, Scott pledged to hold the Chinse government and the World Health Organization (WHO) accountable for their role in the current pandemic. "We know the Chinese numbers don't appear to be accurate at all," Scott previously told Fox News. "We have to remember -- every time I talk about China I say, remember it's Communist China, run by the Communist Party of China. Don't ever forget who they are. You may have friends that live in Communist China but they aren't the ones running the country." He added, "The Communist Party runs the country. They make all these decisions and they're anti-American, they want world domination. They're not a competitor, they are an adversary now." Scott was also mentioned alongside Sen. Josh Hawley, R-Mo., last week when China's state-run media ominously GOP lawmakers who were publicly critical of the Chinese government. An article on the Global Times, which is a branch of the Communist Party of China's (CPC's) People's Daily, said the nation is "extremely dissatisfied with the abuse of litigation" by U.S. leadership, "and is considering punitive countermeasures against U.S. individuals, entities and state officials." The story then credited sources as saying: "Republicans who have been groundlessly accusing China and inflaming the 'holding China accountable' political farce will face severe consequences." Hawley to the threats on Twitter, saying, "I'm not backing down."
https://www.foxnews.com/media/new-york-times-op-ed-mocked-for-declaring-the-end-of-meat-is-here-due-to-virus-outbreak|1 day ago|New York Times op-ed mocked for declaring 'the end of meat is here' due to virus outbreak|The New York Times was butchered on social media after an op-ed published on Thursday found a potential silver lining from the coronavirus outbreak: a meatless society. In a piece titled "The End of Meat Is Here," writer Jonathan Safran Foer argues, "If you care about the working poor, about racial justice, and about climate change, you have to stop eating animals," hoping that the disruption of the meat supply chain will encourage people to give up meat altogether. "Most everyone has been doing more cooking these days, more documenting of the cooking, and more thinking about food in general. The combination of meat shortages and ’s decision to order slaughterhouses open despite the protestations of endangered workers has inspired many Americans to consider just how essential meat is," the "Everything Is Illuminated" author wrote. Foer pointed to meat plants that have become hot spots for coronavirus that have lead to shutdowns with ripple effects. However, he later says, "an increasing number of people sense the inevitability of impending change." "At the very least it has forced us to look. When it comes to a subject as inconvenient as meat, it is tempting to pretend unambiguous science is advocacy, to find solace in exceptions that could never be scaled and to speak about our world as if it were theoretical," he explained. "Some of the most thoughtful people I know find ways not to give the problems of animal agriculture any thought, just as I find ways to avoid thinking about climate change and income inequality, not to mention the paradoxes in my own eating life. One of the unexpected side effects of these months of sheltering in place is that it’s hard not to think about the things that are essential to who we are." He went on to insist that "we cannot protect our environment while continuing to eat meat regularly" and "we cannot protect against pandemics while continuing to eat meat regularly," saying that the problems go beyond China's wet markets since meat farms are a "breeding ground for pandemics." While vegetarians celebrated Foer's meatless plea, passionate carnivores slaughtered the Times op-ed on social media. "Cmon I already recycle," Washington Examiner executive editor Seth Mandel reacted. "FFS. Nope. I love how everyone uses the virus to justify their prior beliefs," conservative commentator Erick Erickson dismissed the piece. "My filet mignon says you’re wrong," filmmaker Robby Starbuck told the Times. "Right. Because veganism is so affordable and practical," podcast host Allie Beth Stuckey wrote.
https://www.foxnews.com/tech/coronavirus-may-expand-remote-work-across-many-industries-analysts-say|1 day ago|Coronavirus may expand remote work across many industries, analysts say|Tech giants were the first to send their employees home as the pandemic spread to the U.S. Now they’re among the last to bring them back to the office. Some of their employees might never go back. , , , are studying what want, using their own technology to make remote work easier and looking to hire . It’s a potentially huge turnaround after years in which companies like and chased scarce tech talent by opening or expanding offices in hip urban locations such as San Francisco and New York. Such a shift might also amount to a repudiation of the notion that creative work demands corporate campuses reminiscent of college, with free food, ping pong tables and open office plans designed to encourage unplanned interactions. The result could re-imagine not just Silicon Valley but other cities as the companies expand hiring in places like Atlanta, Dallas and Denver, where Facebook plans to open new “hubs” for its new, mostly remote hires. It’s too early to know whether remote work options will mean an exodus of highly-paid tech workers from San Francisco and Silicon Valley, where they’ve contributed to . But Facebook’s employee survey suggests that at least some of its employees would leave the San Francisco Bay Area if given the option. For companies that have built their empires on letting people communicate with far-flung friends and colleagues, moving toward remote work is not too hard of a sell. But there are many challenges. Collaboration, spontaneity, face-to-face interactions that aren’t on a scheduled call — all look different when people are working alone from their homes. There are also some jobs — in Facebook’s case, the toughest content reviewing that deals with suicides, child abuse and other traumatizing material; sales; building, upgrading and maintaining data centers; lawyers who have to be in court and so on — that can’t be done remotely. Newer employees, especially recent college grads or those with little experience and lower performers might also fall into this group, Facebook CEO during an employee town hall Thursday that was broadcast live on his Facebook page. At Facebook, the CEO said employees will have to meet certain criteria to be considered for permanent remote work. This includes a level of seniority, strong performance and, naturally, being part of a team that supports remote work. For now, workers at Facebook, Google, Twitter and elsewhere can work remotely through 2020. At Microsoft, employees can work from home until October. But the company’s work-from-home flexibility has fit with the software giant’s broader effort to capitalize on what CEO Satya Nadella calls a shift to “remote everything.” “Every organization will increasingly need the ability at a moment’s notice to remote everything from manufacturing to sales, to customer support,” Nadella said this week at the company’s Build developer conference. The company’s chief technology officer, Kevin Scott, had already been working a lot from home, in part because he is based in Silicon Valley and most of the rest of the leadership team is in Redmond, Wash. “We are all on this accelerated timeline figuring out how to work from home.... It’s learning the culture and the rhythms of interacting with your colleagues by video conference and doing your work remotely,” he said, speaking not just of Microsoft but workplaces in general. “That is getting so much better so quickly that I don’t think I’m going to be commuting nearly as frequently as I was before.”
https://www.foxnews.com/world/peruvian-mayor-corpse-pose-coronavirus-lockdown|1 day ago|Peruvian mayor poses as corpse to avoid arrest for flouting coronavirus lockdown, reports say|. Now his political career may be dead! The mayor of a town posed as a dead coronavirus victim — by lying in a coffin while wearing a face mask — to avoid being arrested for violating lockdown rules that he should have been helping enforce, according to reports Thursday. Jaime Rolando Urbina Torres was out drinking with friends in Tantará on Monday night when he allegedly played dead to throw off cops who arrived to bust them for defying public health orders amid the pandemic, . The mayor — who has already faced criticism for being absent for much of the time during the outbreak — is shown in a photo released by local police lying in a coffin with his eyes closed. Torres was detained for violating curfew and social distancing laws, the paper reports. Police claim the mayor staged the macabre scene to appear as if he was a victim of COVID-19, . It wasn’t immediately clear where he and his pals were drinking or why open caskets were nearby. Torres has also come under fire by officials in recent weeks for failing to open emergency quarantine shelters and failing to implement safety checks, according to local media.
https://video.foxnews.com/v/6158426299001/|__clean_error__|__clean_error__|
https://www.foxnews.com/lifestyle/california-bar-owner-pulls-dollars-off-wall-for-employees-coronavirus|1 day ago|California bar owner pulls thousands of dollars off wall to split with employees as coronavirus hurts business|One California restauranteur made the decision to pull down thousands of dollar bills collected over decades on the walls so she could help her staff during the coronavirus outbreak, which has had a devastating effect on the local economy. Sherri Newman, who co-owns Jake's Saloon -- a century-old hangout spot, said she is feeling the effects of not being able to operate her business. “But here’s the good part of my story,” she told the Thursday. “I remembered the thousands of one-dollar bills that customers have stapled to the walls over the decades.” She and a few friends were reportedly able to collect enough money from her restaurant’s walls to pay her staff $500 each. Their goal is to stay afloat through the summer, she told the LA Times. Her restaurant is located in Inyo County, a small community outside the Sierra Nevada in central , and due to the pandemic, it has suffered from a lack of tourism. The county that more than 17,000 people call home has seen great success with containing the spread of the coronavirus, with only 19 cases and one death. But the county also relies on tourism to support small businesses, and with COVID-19-related shutdowns, businesses are hurting. The rural area is host to many tourist destinations such as Mount Whitney, which is partially located in Inyo National Forest and sits right next to Sequoia National Park. Death Valley, the Ancient Bristlecone Forest and the Manzanar National historic site, which marks the place where Japanese-Americans were forcibly interned during World War II, are all tourist destinations located in Inyo County that have been inaccessible during the pandemic. “Food, medicine and guns, for example, are classified as essential,” County Supervisor Dan Totheroh said. “So, if you have any of those things in your store, you can remain open.” “We should be diversifying because the tourism-based economy is not as stable as we had come to believe over the decades,” Inyo County Supervisor Matt Kingsley told the LA Times.
https://www.foxnews.com/media/mcconnell-senate-coronavirus-stimulus-package-liability-protection|1 day ago|McConnell says Senate 'not quite ready' to craft new stimulus: 'It won't be a $3 trillion left-wing wish list'|, R-Ky., told " " Thursday that the Senate is "not quite ready to intelligently" lay out the next stimulus package, but added "it's not too far off." "The [CARES] Act, which passed a month or so ago on a bipartisan basis, only about half of that money has gone out yet," McConnell said. "I think there's a high likelihood we will do another rescue package, but we need to be able to measure the impact of what we've already done, what we did right, what we did wrong [and] correct that. "Let me tell you what it won't be," McConnell added. "It won't be a $3 trillion left-wing wish list as it passed the House." The majority leader went on to say that lawmakers "need to work smart here, help the people who are desperately in need, try to save as many jobs as possible and begin to open up the states, which are decisions by the governors that are going on all over America now and get this economy growing again." With that in mind, McConnell said any new stimulus package would not include enhanced unemployment benefits. "The problem was by paying people more not to work than to work, it's making it difficult to get people back to work. You can understand that," McConnell told MacCallum. "We do need to continue unemployment insurance, [it's] extremely important at a time like this. "But to pay people more not to work than to work doesn't encourage resuming your job. And that will end in July. And we think that in order to create jobs, we need to incentivize people to go back to work, not encourage them to stay home." The senator also reemphasized the need for businesses to receive liability protections in any future stimulus. "You're going to have liability protection in there so that people, or the plaintiffs' lawyers are prevented from stealing, in effect, all of this public money we're sending down to hospitals and doctors and non-profits as a result of the coronavirus," McConnell told MacCallum. "And so that's one of our red lines, that the next bill will need to have liability protection in there just to cover narrowly cover the coronavirus, not anything else." McConnell also responded to criticism that such liability provisions would shield nursing homes and care facilities where coronavirus victims died from legal action "Well, the answer is it wouldn't protect any nursing home from from a gross negligence or intentional misbehavior [claim]," McConnell said. "So it's not an absolute protection against any kind of behavior. So those kinds of lawsuits would still lie."
https://www.foxnews.com/politics/katie-porter-heroes-act-democratic-wish-list|1 day ago|House Dem criticizes her own party for shoving 'wish list' stimulus package: 'It's not a good look'|criticized her own party's coronavirus legislation this week as pressured the Republican-controlled Senate to adopt what Porter described as a Democratic "wish list." “The HEROES Act is dead on arrival," Porter , referring to the $3 trillion package the House passed last week as a follow-up to the CARES Act. Her comments during an online meeting hosted by the Tustin [Calif.] Democratic Club were first reported by "There was no bipartisan negotiation here and no effort at bipartisan negotiation, which I also think is problematic," . "It’s not to say that we could’ve gotten there. It’s not to say that the Republicans would’ve agreed with our priorities. But I do not think it is a good look in a time of national crisis to act in a strictly partisan way. I don’t like it when Donald Trump does it, and I don’t like it when Nancy Pelosi does it." Porter, who voted for the legislation but opposed an earlier motion to consider the bill, added the bill could be used against her ahead of the November election. "The way that we did this virtually guaranteed the bill was going to, one, die immediately and, two, that I would be hit with endless attacks about having supported a Democratic wishlist with the most expensive government bill ever put out," she said. "It’s not a good look for someone like me in Orange County. It will make my reelection harder ... and it’s not even the best policy approach that we could’ve brought to the table." Pelosi's office on Thursday sent around that showed 67 percent of the American people support the HEROES Act. She claimed the public sentiment will eventually bring McConnell to the table, but right now "he has decided to obstruct." Passed by a vote of 208-199, the legislation doles out $1,200 per month to eligible individuals, up to $6,000 per household, extends a top-up of $600 to be added to state unemployment benefits through January 2021, and provides $175 billion for families to pay their mortgages and rent. It also includes student loan forgiveness, an employee retention tax credit and increases maximum SNAP benefits by 15 percent. But tucked into the legislation are provisions that rankled the Republicans, including expanding $1,200 checks to restoring the full that helps individuals in high-taxed blue states, a $25 billion rescue for the U.S. Postal Service, to access banking services and early voting and vote-by-mail provisions. "I did find myself, Porter said, "on the House floor thinking [of] my Republican colleagues who said, ‘This bill is a Democratic wish list written by a handful of Democrats, and shoved down the throats of the rest of the Congress.' "I often don’t think that they have any point — I think they had a real point about this bill," she added. "So, the bill is going nowhere." In all, 14 House Democrats voted against the HEROES Act, while Rep. Peter King, R-N.Y., was the only Republican to vote in favor of it.
https://www.foxnews.com/lifestyle/ohio-wedding-receptions-300-people-june|1 day ago|Ohio to allow wedding receptions of up to 300 people soon, loosening coronavirus restrictions|. leaders announced reopening dates Thursday for several activities such as bowling alleys and high school athletic training if they can meet required safety protocols. Beginning Tuesday, May 26, miniature golf, batting cages, and bowling alleys may resume operations. So can skills training for all sports, including contact sports. Tournaments, games, and competitions for contact sports are still prohibited. Beginning Monday, June 1, catering and banquet centers may reopen and hold events like wedding receptions with a cap of 300 people if they meet required safety protocols currently in place for restaurants. “We recognize that people want to go on with life and we are trying to provide guidelines and recommendations as to how you can do so as safely as possible,” Lt. Jon Husted said at Gov. Mike DeWine’s news conference. “We want to proceed with cautious optimism that when we follow the proper protocols, we can resume the activities in life that we love without negatively impacting the health of our loved ones.” The state’s ban on mass gatherings of more than 10 people still remains in place, so tables must be 6 feet apart with no more than 10 people per table, said Dan Tierney, a spokesman in Gov. Mike DeWine’s office. And since congregating is prohibited, that likely would eliminate dance floors in most facilities. Self-service buffets or salad bars also not allowed. Buffets must be staffed by workers serving food. Weddings have always been permitted and that will continue without restriction on the number of guests at the ceremonies, Tierney said. Those are often religious ceremonies, which are protected by First Amendment Rights, he notes. But if you are attending or hosting your own reception outside or in a backyard, the state’s mass gathering ban would cap it at 10 people, Tierney clarified.
https://www.foxnews.com/us/bay-area-doctors-seeing-more-suicides-coronavirus-stay-at-home-order|1 day ago|Bay Area doctors seeing more suicides during coronavirus stay-at-home order|Suicides in one Northern community are outpacing deaths related to the amid a shelter-in-place order that has possible implications, doctors said. Most of the suicides have been younger people dealing with unprecedented levels of stress related to job loss and loneliness in the midst of several months of quarantine measures, according to health workers at the John Muir Medical Center in Walnut Creek, located 25 miles east of . "Socialized isolation has a price," Kacey Hansen, a trauma nurse at the hospital, told KGO-TV. "They intend to die. Sometimes, people will make what we call a 'gesture.' It's a cry for help. We're just seeing something a little different than that right now. It's upsetting." Researchers have found the pandemic has affected the mental health of many, but especially teenagers and children. Young people who were diagnosed with ADHD for the first time rose 66 percent during March and April, while 41 percent of patient visits among children and teenagers also involved discussion of depression, according to Athenahealth. The Walnut Creek hospital has seen a sharp uptick in suicides that coincide with a Contra Costa County shelter-in-place order to combat the coronavirus. The hospital did not reveal how many people have taken their own lives, but one doctor told the news outlet the figure is "unprecedented." "We've never seen numbers like this in such a short period of time," Dr. Mike deBoisblanc said. "I mean, we've seen a year's worth of suicide attempts in the last four weeks." The Contra Costa County Crisis Center said calls to the hotline are up, but not dramatically. "I think people found themselves disconnected from the normal social supportive networks that they have -- churches, schools, book clubs -- you name it," Tom Tamura, executive director of the crisis center, told the . "Generally speaking, the vast majority of people say they feel better after they call and get the resources they need." DeBoisblanc said he thinks it's time for officials to reopen the county in an effort to address the mental health implications of prolonged isolation. "I think, originally, this [the shelter-in-place order] was put in place to flatten the curve and to make sure hospitals have the resources to take care of COVID patients," he said. "We have the current resources to do that and our other community health is suffering."
https://video.foxnews.com/v/6158447051001/|__clean_error__|__clean_error__|
https://www.foxnews.com/entertainment/hollywood-germ-zapping-robots-on-set-coronavirus|1 day ago|Hollywood looks to 'germ-zapping robots' to calm on-set coronavirus fears: report|As film and television productions during the , studios are turning to a new strategy to keep sets safe. Hollywood execs have reportedly taken notice of a "germ-zapping robot," a device that uses ultraviolet light to kill the virus. Testing at the Texas Biomedical Research Institute indicated that the and can clean a surface in two minutes. The machine, manufactured by Xenex Disinfection Services, can clean an N95 mask in five minutes. Officially trademarked as the "Xenex Germ-Zapping Robot," the tech is part of Xenex co-founder and CSO Dr. Mark Stibich's Production Safe Zone venture, formed with former filmmaker Justin Golding, according to . The program is aimed at helping films and television shows resume productions safely by killing particles of the novel virus that can live on some surfaces for days. The outlet reports that Stibich and Golding have approached Tinseltown titans such as Netflix, Sony and Amazon to discuss the bots. "The way we like to think of it is that our pathogens, like coronavirus, have evolved — but our tools that clean the environment haven't," Stibich told THR. "We're still basically using buckets and mops and wipes, and what we need is a new tool in order to reduce the risks that the environment may cause an infection.” Per THR, CBS has put a machine on hold for potential use on the show "Blue Bloods," but the machine has to first be approved by task forces dedicated to maintaining new production protocols. The machines are already being used at medical facilities around the world and will be available for rent or purchase, coming in at around $125,000. The devices are relatively simple, only needing a professional to place the machine in a designated area, turn it on and leave the room while the machine generates bursts of light powerful enough to kill germs. According to Stibich, a few seconds of exposure to the light is within the safety thresholds, but prolonged exposure to the light could cause eye damage, making it important for the operator to leave the room. "Our safety protocol is really developed, and we've seen results with reductions in the amount of infections in hospitals," Stibich told THR. "That's why we want to bring it over to the entertainment industry as the studios open up." The robots have the ability to move, but due to some labor union restrictions, crewmembers may be placed in charge of the devices. Per the outlet, the program will also offer coronavirus testing, temperature and pulse screenings, social distancing infrastructure planning, high-temperature laundry services, as well as security and medical personnel. The service will cost $75 per person on set per day on productions lasting for at least 30 days with staff no smaller than 50 people. Productions are gearing up to resume after weeks of being dormant. Guidelines for California productions are expected .
https://www.foxnews.com/politics/federal-buildings-flags-lowered-memory-those-killed-by-coronavirus|1 day ago|Trump orders flags on federal buildings lowered for 3 days in memory of those killed by coronavirus|said Thursday that he ordered all flags on federal buildings to be lowered to half-staff for three days in memory of Americans lost to On Monday, Memorial Day, flags would fly at half-staff to honor military veterans who lost their lives in combat. As of Thursday, the U.S. lost 94,591 to coronavirus from over 1.5 million confirmed cases. The American flag flies at half-staff on federal buildings typically when the whole nation is in mourning. Typically, in observance of Memorial Day the flag is to fly at half-staff from sunrise until noon and then is raised to full height from noon until sunset. In 1954, President Dwight Eisenhower issued a proclamation standardizing the dates and times the flag is to be flown at half-staff on federal buildings -- 30 days for the death of a president or former president; 10 days for a vice president, chief justice or speaker of the House; and for other leaders in Congress or supreme court justices it is to be lowered from the day of death until the day of burial. In 2019, the flag was lowered to half-staff for a total of 19 days -- in addition to days of remembrance the president honored the passing of two congressmen and an associate justice and recognized the victims of three mass shootings.
https://www.foxnews.com/media/mcconnell-pelosi-not-position-lecturing-senate-impeachment|1 day ago|McConnell says Pelosi 'not in a position to be lecturing us' about what to spend time on after impeachment|Majority Leader , R-Ky., fired back at House Speaker Nancy Pelosi, D-Calif., on " " Thursday after she criticized Senate for focusing on issues related to Hunter Biden and Ukraine while Democratic push for another round of legislation. "I’d say to the speaker, after the impeachment, you are not in a position to be lecturing us about what the appropriate use of Senate time is," McConnell told host Martha MacCallum. "If the House can spend time on a baseless impeachment effort," he argued, "then we should at least have oversight on what happened to initiate this whole process a couple of years ago." On Wednesday, Pelosi accused Republicans of after the Senate Homeland Security Committee voted to approve a for a consulting firm linked to the Ukrainian natural gas firm Burisma Holdings as part of an investigation into Biden’s role on the board of the firm. Meanwhile, Judiciary Committee Chairman Lindsey Graham, R-S.C., has announced his panel plans to vote on a subpoena authorization related to the FBI's apparent surveillance abuses in the Russia investigation. “It is sad that the GOP Senate has meekly and weakly chosen to be complicit in the President’s desperate and dangerous political tactics instead of passing legislation to save lives and livelihoods,” Pelosi said in a statement. "There was a lot of apparent misbehavior going on in the opening of those investigations, into General [Michael] Flynn and others," McConnell told MacCallum. "So, [Sen.] Ron Johnson [R-Wis.], the head of [the] Homeland Security [Committe] has got subpoenas out for Hunter Biden, and Lindsey Graham the chairman of the Judiciary Committee has laid out a series of hearings and people he wants to call to come testify."
https://www.foxnews.com/world/east-africa-fears-triple-threat-coronavirus-floods-locusts|1 day ago|East Africa fears 'triple threat' from coronavirus, floods and locusts|Countries across and the Horn of Africa are witnessing a “triple threat” from overlapping disasters as the , locusts and flooding inundate communities across the region. The (IFRC) said that widespread flooding across Ethiopia, Kenya, Somalia, South Sudan, Tanzania, Rwanda and Uganda has led to the displacement of more than 500,000 and killed nearly 300 people. But the floods have also increased the potential spread of COVID-19 and slowed intervention operations against the most severe locust crisis in the region has seen in decades. “The ongoing flooding crisis is exacerbating other threats caused by COVID-19 and the invasion of locusts,” , IFRC’s regional director for Africa, said Wednesday. “Travel and movement restrictions meant to slow down the spread of COVID-19 are hampering efforts to combat swarms of locusts that are ravaging crops.” The floods have forced hundreds of thousands of people to seek temporary shelter, and people there are frequently unable to practice social distancing measures. Officials are worried there could be an increase in coronavirus cases in Africa. “We are worried that the number of people who are hungry and sick will increase in the coming weeks as flooding and COVID-19 continue to severely affect the coping capacity of many families in the region,” Missiri said. “Harsh weather conditions are having a multiplier effect on an already difficult situation, and this could potentially lead to worrying levels of food insecurity in the region.” Acute food insecurity is already affecting more than 20 million people in the Horn of Africa, and officials from the (FAO) and worried that soon West Africa could be seeing swarms of locust. 400 hectares of land have been protected due to efforts by the FAO, according to Dominique Burgeon, FAO’s director of emergencies. But the FAO has requested over $150 million for “rapid response and anticipatory action in 10 countries.” The World Bank on Thursday announced a $500 million program to help countries in the Middle East and Africa fight the locust swarms. “Together, this food supply emergency combined with the pandemic and economic shutdown in advanced economies places some of the world’s poorest and most vulnerable people at even greater risk,” David Malpass, president of the World Bank Group, said in a Thursday .
https://video.foxnews.com/v/6158413753001/|__clean_error__|__clean_error__|
https://www.foxnews.com/politics/court-sides-michigan-gov-gretchen-whitmer-coronavirus-restrictions|1 day ago|Court sides with Michigan Gov. Gretchen Whitmer after GOP lawmakers challenge her coronavirus restrictions|The Court of Claims ruled Gov. has the authority to keep her state under a state of emergency without legislative approval, after GOP lawmakers challenged her extension of sweeping restrictions. Republicans in the House and Senate were frustrated with Whitmer’s one-size strategy to stop the spread of coronavirus by keeping people home and shutting businesses in regions minimally affected by the virus and far from the state’s epicenter, the Detroit area. The legislature did not approve the extension of Whitmer’s emergency declaration but she enacted it anyway, extending the stay-at-home order until May 28 but loosening some restrictions. On May 18, Whitmer allowed retail businesses, bars and restaurants in two regions to open at a limited capacity. And while gatherings are discouraged, groups of 10 or fewer will not be cited for gathering. The judge said a 1945 law, cited by Whitmer, is not limited to local and regional emergencies only but can be used on a statewide level. The legislature said Whitmer violated the law, which says lawmakers get a role in emergency declarations lasting longer than 28 days. Indeed, the judge said the governor can't use that law to extend emergencies without input from lawmakers. But Whitmer won the case anyway. “It would take a particularly strained reading of the plain text of the [law] to conclude that a grant of authority to deal with a public crisis that affects all the people of this state would somehow be constrained to a certain locality,” Judge Cynthia Stephens said. The claims are “meritless,” she said. Stephens' decision was a third time that a Court of Claims judge ruled in the governor's favor. The other lawsuits were brought by residents, a business owner and a new group that has organized protests at the Capitol. The House and Senate promised to appeal the ruling. Republican leaders took some comfort that the judge said Whitmer can't use the '76 law to unilaterally make emergency declarations. The governor’s office responded postiviely to the result. “She will continue to do what she’s always done: take careful, decisive actions to protect Michiganders from this unprecedented, global pandemic,” Whitmer's office said in a written statement.
https://video.foxnews.com/v/6158440310001/|__clean_error__|__clean_error__|
https://video.foxnews.com/v/6158417871001/|__clean_error__|__clean_error__|
https://video.foxnews.com/v/6158404820001/|__clean_error__|__clean_error__|
https://www.foxnews.com/sports/ukrainian-tennis-player-pushing-cars-quarantine-coronavirus|1 day ago|Ukrainian tennis player shows how she stays in shape during coronavirus outbreak: Pushing cars|. Tennis player Angelina Dimova is staying in shape during the quarantine by pushing cars. Dimova, who is Ukrainian, posted a video on her Instagram page pushing a Nissan GTR sports car in Florida. “It’s been a while 😛 This car is already dead 😵 Do you like GTRs?,” Dimova wrote in the post.
https://www.foxnews.com/media/msnbc-nicolle-wallace-trump-lies-pandemic-on-social-media|1 day ago|MSNBC's Nicolle Wallace: What right does Trump have to 'spread lies' about the pandemic on social media?|MSNBC anchor suggested on Thursday that doesn't have the "right" to "spread lies" about the coronavirus on social media. Amid reports that indicate that nearly half the Twitter accounts talking about the coronavirus are "likely bots" and that China is increasing its disinformation campaign about the spread of the pandemic, Wallace had on MSNBC political analyst Richard Stengel accused Trump of "echoing" the viral "conspiracy theories" and the bots then echo the president. "You know, I want to ask you why the social media companies don't have more power and authority at a time when it's a health crisis," Wallace said. "I understand that in the context of an American political election, you've got free speech to navigate, but what is the right to spread lies about a deadly pandemic? Where's that?" "I think it's a much easier call," Stengel responded. "I mean, political speech is complicated, the First Amendment protects it. The First Amendment doesn't protect false speech about a virus or false speech that endangers the health of your users." He continued, "By the way, Facebook and Twitter have been taking things down, but they need to be even more vigilant about it and Google needs to be even more vigilant about what they prioritize in their search results. They need to prioritize factual information in their search results rather than emotional and inflammatory conspiracy theories that get people's eyes." Wallace later invoked Trump's suggestion that people "inject bleach into their veins" and his push for hydroxychloroquine as things that "fall into the category" that social media companies would take down. On Wednesday, Wallace's network colleague Mika Brzezinski attempted to spearhead the efforts to get Trump suspended on Twitter, saying she had scheduled a conversation with CEO Jack Dorsey.
https://www.foxnews.com/media/tom-ridge-homeland-security-coronavirus-permanent-risk|1 day ago|Ex-Homeland Security chief Ridge says coronavirus is 'permanent risk,' US must 'learn how to manage it'|Former Secretary Tom Ridge told " " Thursday that has become a "permanent risk" for all Americans and state and federal officials will have to "learn how to manage it." Ridge, who spent more than six years as Pennsylvania's governor, told host Neil Cavuto that state chief executives of both parties "by and large ... have done a very good job" despite what he described as "challenges associated with inconsistent messages, perhaps from Washington, and the availability or unavailability of some basic equipment." When asked for his thoughts on how quickly states should reopen their economies, Ridge said, "I think, writ large, if we follow the science and the experts and move back into our economy in a gradual, incremental basis, I think we will put this thing hopefully behind us. It is not as if we are going to eliminate COVID-19. It has now become a part of Mother Nature’s infrastructure." criticized lockdown protesters in his home state, characterizing them as "self-absorbed and selfish." "[They] complain they are irritated, anxious, bored, upset [and] unhappy that their lives have been affected by this temporary restraint on their freedoms," he last month. "Some have even gotten into confrontations with nurses and other front-line health care workers who believe now is not the time to resume normality," "Of course, our First Amendment gives them the right to protest," he added. "Our veterans helped ensure it. But ... it is impossible to characterize the actions of those who are protesting orders to stay at home as 'courageous' or 'heroic.'" "We do have to worry about a resurgence," Ridge said Thursday. "At the same time, we ought to understand it’s going to be a permanent risk. We have to learn how to manage it: [That] means you have to go from a steady stop, which we've done basically to a lot of the economy, and we have to gradually move back in and put people back to work." Ridge added that officials must "be smart and adopt some common sense into mitigating the risk and understanding their risk and managing the risk. "One of those risks is the reoccurrence of not only COVID-19, but Mother Nature may [throw] COVID-24 or -25 at us."
https://video.foxnews.com/v/6158402084001/|__clean_error__|__clean_error__|
https://www.foxnews.com/lifestyle/coronavirus-pandemic-worlds-museums-closures-un-agency-study|1 day ago|Coronavirus pandemic could lead 13 percent of world's museums to close for good, UN agency study finds|Studies by the (UNESCO) and the International Council of Museums (ICOM) show 90 percent of the planet’s , some 85,000 institutions, have had to shut at least temporarily, while one in eight worldwide could face permanent closure because of the pandemic. “Nearly 13 percent of museums around the world may never reopen,” UNESCO and ICOM said in a joint statement on on Monday, saying those in poorer countries face a greater risk. Things are pretty bleak in wealthy countries too. The Network of European Museum Organizations said large institutions in tourist hotspots like , and have suffered income losses of up to 80 percent, which can reach hundreds of thousands of euros a week. A survey by Americans for the Arts said the American arts and culture sector has lost . “We are fully aware of and confident in the tenacity of museum professionals to meet the challenges posed by the COVID-19 pandemic,” ICOM President Suay Aksoy. “However, the museum field cannot survive on its own without the support of the public and private sectors. It is imperative to raise emergency relief funds and to put in place policies to protect professionals and self-employed workers on precarious contracts.” Overall, the picture is dark, more Munch than Monet. “It is alarming data that we are giving,” Ernesto Ottone, assistant director general for culture at UNESCO, said in an interview with the Associated Press Tuesday. He said the problem cuts across the board, affecting museums big and small, new and established, featuring or . Museums that indicated they might well not reopen, he said, “have been closed for months and they have no revenues. And they don’t know how they’re going to get their revenues.” And once they do reopen, Ottone said, “they [won’t] have the capacity to update their infrastructure” to conform with social distancing and other pandemic precautions. Museums are starting to reopen in some countries as governments ease coronavirus restrictions. It is little wonder that royalty and prime ministers are now lining up to boost their cultural institutions. “We have to show our support at the maximum level to this sector by coming here, to show that they are open again and that people can come back here in complete safety, but also by taking measures and decisions ... to support them,” Belgian Prime Minister Sophie Wilmes said Tuesday, touring the reopened Bozar Center for Fine Arts in Brussels. King Philippe of Belgium and Queen Mathilde visited the nearby Royal Museums of Fine Arts, wearing protective masks. “Museums play a fundamental role in the resilience of societies,” UNESCO Director-General Audrey Azoulay. “We must help them cope with this crisis and keep them in touch with their audiences. This pandemic also reminds us that half of humanity does not have access to digital technologies. We must work to promote access to culture for everyone, especially the most vulnerable and isolated.”
https://www.foxnews.com/us/nyc-deliver-one-million-meals-per-day-combat-coronavirus-food-shortage|1 day ago|NYC to deliver a million meals a day to combat coronavirus food shortage, de Blasio says|said Thursday the city will up the ante to meet food shortages amid the coronavirus pandemic by delivering one million meals a day by next week. An additional 500,000 meals will be available daily for pickup at school sites throughout the city, he added. “We will let no New Yorker go hungry, period,” de Blasio said during his coronavirus briefing. “It’s not acceptable, no matter what we’re up against, that anyone would be hungry in this city.” Since the crisis began, the city has handed out 32 million meals through government programs, an effort the mayor says continues to grow. Sanitation Commissioner Kathryn Garcia said the city is looking to add to its approximately 30 food vendors to deliver more food to New York neighborhoods but will be keenly focused on setting high standards for nutritional value and quality of meals. Kosher, halal and vegetarian options are available at request. “Just be clear, here’s what I will not tolerate in this program: any expired food, meals that don’t meet our nutritional guidelines, late or missing deliveries and different meals than you ordered,” Garcia -- whom de Blasio nicknamed the "food czar" -- said on Tuesday. Two vendors were fired for not meeting city standards, and Garcia said they will continue to do so moving forward. "One of the key questions is, would you serve this to your grandma? If the answer to that is no, then we should not be working with you. We really want to make sure that we are getting the food they need," she added.
https://www.foxnews.com/media/jesse-watters-trump-michigan-visit-american-comeback|1 day ago|Jesse Watters: Trump's Michigan visit showcases 'great American comeback' story no one else will tell|co-host Jesse Watters pushed back Thursday against Democrats of President Trump's visit to in , arguing that he has to personally tell the story of the "great American comeback." "We are transitioning to greatness," Watters said. "If you have Air Force One, you can tell a great story. Now he is going to Michigan and the story is the great American comeback. He's the only one telling it nationally." The trip was the on a tour kicked off earlier this month to thank businesses producing personal protectice equipment (PPE) and important medical equipment. Trump made similar stops at a medical equipment distributor last week. Two weeks ago, he visited a facility that is manufacturing surgical masks. The visits also help Trump spotlight his administration’s efforts in steering the federal response to the coronavirus pandemic, and have allowed him to make visits to – and grab plenty of local media attention in – some of the crucial battleground states in While the White House says the visits are official in nature and there’s absolutely “no involvement or coordination” with Trump’s reelection team, they do have some of the trappings of the Trump campaign rallies that the president seeks to soon resume. And that’s led critics to accuse the president of “wasting taxpayer dollars." Watters said Trump's visits paints a stark contrast between his administration's effort to reopen the economy, and Democratic governors who are championing the extended lockdowns. "Right now it, it seems like all the Democrats are on the sidelines and the ones that are speaking up want to own the lockdown, they don't want to own the comeback," Watters said. "When he [Trump] goes to places like this, he is setting up great contrasts for himself [with] these lockdown governors, whether it's [Virginia] Gov. [Ralph] Northam, Gov. [Gretchen] Whitmer in Michigan ... doesn't matter. It's a great contrast for him and he's winning that contrast."
https://www.foxnews.com/us/new-layoffs-coronavirus-recovery-experts-say|1 day ago|New layoffs as states reopen a troubling sign for coronavirus recovery, experts say|Experts are worried that even as states gradually reopen their and let people go back to work, the number of Americans applying for benefits in the two months since the pandemic took hold in the U.S. has swelled to nearly 39 million, the government reported Thursday. Stephen Stanley, chief economist at Amherst Pierpont, said the latest layoffs may be particularly worrisome because they are happening even as states reopen. That could mean many companies see little hope of a substantial economic recovery any time soon and still feel a need to cut jobs. “There’s a high probability that those layoffs could persist for longer than those that were a function of [businesses] just being closed,” Stanley said. The latest figures do not mean 38.6 million people are out of work. Some have been called back, and others have landed new jobs. But the vast majority are still unemployed. An additional 1.2 million people applied for unemployment last week under a federal program that makes self-employed, contractor and gig workers eligible for the first time. But those figures aren’t adjusted for seasonal variations, so the government doesn’t include them in the overall number of applications. “While the steady decline in claims is good news, the labor market is still in terrible shape,” said Gus Faucher, chief economist at PNC Financial. , a marketing expert, uses the same strategies and techniques used by leading advertising and PR firms for branding job-seekers in the new market: “Stop focusing on the bad news. Focus on the future, focus on becoming a better candidate, focus on increasing your skill set, focus on becoming more marketable. Your mindset matters more than you think in the job search; stay positive, work the problem, move forward, even just a little bit, every day; improvise, adapt and overcome, do not take no for an answer, look under every stone, run around the gatekeeper, work harder and search smarter than your competition, leverage your network and know that your tenacity and persistence will make a difference.” He runs and told Fox News: “We are seeing people landing interviews and getting job offers. There are jobs out there but we are seeing new trends in resume architecture. These evolved formats enable increased readability and comprehension thus delivering better results. For instance a resume features stronger headlining, eye-catching hero statements, and tighter and smaller text blocks with improved section headings for optimal readability, higher response rates and significantly strengthened job search effectiveness. The resulting gain in reader comprehension within the 10-second window of opportunity, delivers increased response rates, all leading to the increased likelihood of getting the job you want and the compensation you deserve.” Federal Reserve Chairman said over the weekend that the U.S. unemployment rate could peak in May or June at 20 percent to 25 percent — a level unseen since the depths of the Great Depression. As of April, unemployment stood at 14.7 percent, a figure also unmatched since the 1930s. And the true rate was even higher, because millions of Americans weren’t officially counted as unemployed since they weren’t looking for a new job, presumably because nearly everything was shut down anyway. More than 2.4 million people filed for jobless aid last week in the latest wave of layoffs from the outbreak that has triggered nationwide business shutdowns and brought the economy to its knees, the Labor Department said. That brings the running total to a staggering 38.6 million, a job-market collapse unprecedented in its speed. The number of weekly applications has slowed for seven straight weeks. Yet the figures remain breathtakingly high — 10 times higher than normal before the crisis struck. The continuing rise shows that even though all states have begun reopening over the past three weeks, the job market has yet to snap back, and the outbreak is still doing damage to businesses and destroying livelihoods. is an working remotely who recently moved to . He has taken his life by the bootstraps to take himself out of the traditional workforce. “I think what we're seeing right now is that people are starting to understand the world isn't simply going to go back to the way it was -- at least not for a long, long time. For many businesses, they can't simply pick up where they left off two or three months ago and I think we're going to see a large number of companies continue to struggle even as the economy reopens because for so many of them, the damage has been done,” he told Fox News. His ideology reflects many young Americans whose lives had to be transformed in the wake of the 2008 economic collapse. “For workers, I think many of them are realizing that the path they were taught -- go to college, get a job, and be a good employee for 40 years -- isn't exactly the safe path they thought it was. Now, more than ever, we're seeing the importance of having a Plan B: a real estate business, a network marketing business, online coaching, whatever. My team has seen a huge uptick in displaced workers seeking us out and wanting to build their side income with us and I think we're going to see more and more of that as this continues. The only risk to building online is you might annoy a few of your Facebook friends but you're probably doing that anyway. Might as well get paid for it,” he said.
https://www.foxnews.com/us/community-colleges-coronavirus-enrollment-spike-plans|1 day ago|Community colleges prepare for enrollment spike tied to coronavirus|. BLUE BELL, Pa. — could see a surge in enrollment this fall as more four-year institutions decide to keep classes online because of the coronavirus. Back in March, colleges across the country closed their campuses and sent students home to continue school online. Peter Warren, a freshman at in Canton, N.Y., said it wasn’t the campus experience he expected. “It was super upsetting to have to leave so early within the semester. Especially being a freshman, you know, we were so excited to have that first year,” Warren said. After completing his spring semester virtually, Warren’s rethinking the fall. “College ... it’s about more than just your education, you know, there’s also a social aspect there. To give all that up to just go online but still [be] paying the same amount or, like, a little bit reduced … it doesn’t seem really worth it,” he added. According to Warren, many of his friends have considered alternatives such as community college or gap years. “I’d rather wait it out and be able to go back when I can,” he said. Although fall semesters don’t begin until August or September, some community colleges are preparing for an increase in enrollment. “Traditionally, whenever we have had a recession, community colleges do have higher enrollments after that occurs,” said , the director of the (CCRC). According to data collected by the CCRC, the led to a peak in community college enrollment, with more than 11 million students enrolled by 2010. “That was the largest enrollments in community colleges we have ever seen in this country,” Brock said. As of May, some community colleges have already reported an enrollment spike. “We are up in the summer. And we are predicting that we are going to be up in the fall,” said , the president of the in South Jersey. Gaba said it's happening at other community colleges in New Jersey, too. “Talking to my colleagues at the other community colleges across the state, they are seeing the same trend and they are expecting the same uptick in the fall,” Gaba added. According to Gaba, community colleges give students the opportunity to save money and stay close to home. “It’s going to give people a lot of psychological comfort, particularly parents, to know that their children are closer to home," Gaba said. Meanwhile in Pennsylvania, President said it’s too soon to tell. "There hasn’t been any early indicators on either the swell of enrollment or a downturn of enrollment," Bastecki-Perez said. Some institutions have already decided keep classes online in the fall, while others are waiting until August to make that decision. “We are planning for both scenarios, both face-to-face instruction as well as online instruction," Bastecki-Perez added.
https://www.foxnews.com/politics/baltimore-mayor-trump-dont-visit-coronavirus|1 day ago|Baltimore mayor to Trump: Don't visit our city during coronavirus stay-at-home order|Mayor Bernard Young urged on Thursday to forgo a planned visit to the city amid its stay-at-home order. On Monday, Trump is slated to visit the Fort McHenry National Monument and Historic Shrine, which is closed to the public due to the pandemic. "I wish that the President, as our nation's leader, would set a positive example and not travel during this holiday weekend," Young, a , said in a statement. “That President Trump is deciding to pursue nonessential travel sends the wrong message to our residents, many of whom have been disproportionately impacted by the COVID-19 virus." The price tag for the visit in terms of security and personnel will hamper the city, which is already facing revenue losses of $20 million each month amid business closures and a fractured economy, Young said. Fort McHenry was the site of the Battle of Baltimore in the War of 1812 that inspired Francis Scott Key to pen the "The Star-Spangled Banner." A spokesperson for Maryland Gov. Larry Hogan, a who has clashed with Trump over his response to the pandemic, told the that they are "honored that the president and first lady have chosen to spend Memorial Day at Fort McHenry. Although Marylanders are encouraged not to gather in large numbers this year -- now more than ever -- it’s important to reflect on the American heroes who sacrificed their lives for our freedom.” Hogan will not be present during the visit, opting to spend time with his family instead. Young will not be attending, either. Trump has fought with the city in the past. He called it a " " during a feud with the late Democrat , who represented a portion of the city for more than 20 years.
https://www.foxnews.com/media/matt-whitaker-coronavirus-restrictions-on-religious-services|1 day ago|Ex-acting AG Whitaker rips restrictions on religious services: 'No pandemic exception to our Bill of Rights'|Former Acting Attorney General Matt Whitaker told " " Thursday that "there is no pandemic exception to our Bill of Rights" in response to authorities in several states restricting religious gatherings in response to the "Our religious freedoms are very important. For a lot of people with deeply held religious beliefs, going to the grocery store or going to any other of these essential services where people can safely distance is as important to them as going to church," Whitaker said. " ... The same people that are going to the mosques and the churches and synagogues are also the ones going to the grocery stores [and] following these same safe practices." "One of the important roles of the Department Justice and the Attorney General ... is [being] solely responsible for protecting these religious liberties across the country," Whitaker added. More than plan on resuming in-person religious services on May 31, in defiance of 's temporary ban on religious gatherings. have also said they are reopening in defiance of Gov. Phil Murphy's stay-at-home orders because of their religious convictions and constitutional rights. On Wednesday, the city of Chicago announced that three churches were fined $500 for holding services with more than 10 people in attendance. "I think you [can] expect not only civil disobedience on behalf of these people of faith," Whitaker said, "but I think you will see judges in federal courts and U.S. attorneys in these federal districts enforcing these constitutional rights of these worshippers. "And so we need to make sure that we are not discriminating against and I think DOJ's concern and [Attorney General] Bill Barr's concern is that we are discriminating against people of faith who are the same people that are going to these grocery stores that are safely opening."
https://www.foxnews.com/politics/trump-brings-mask-to-ford-but-said-he-doesnt-want-to-give-the-press-the-pleasure-of-seeing-him-wear-it|1 day ago|Trump brings mask to Ford, says he doesn't 'want to give the press the pleasure of seeing' him wear it|on Thursday brought a mask with him to tour of a Ford plant in Ypsilanti, Mich., but said he didn’t “want to give the press the pleasure of seeing” him wear it while he was on camera. “I didn’t want to give the press the pleasure of seeing it,” he said. “In the back area I did have a mask on. I had goggles and a mask right back there.” While speaking without a face covering -- next to others wearing masks -- the president added that masks were not necessary in the front of the plant, where he was standing. “They’re not necessary here. Everybody’s been tested, in fact I was tested this morning so it’s not necessary,” the president said. “I was given a choice and I had one on in an area where they preferred it.” He continued, “I honestly - I think I look better in the mask, but I am making a speech, so I won’t have it now.” When asked if it was true that it wasn’t required that the president wear a mask, Ford’s CEO, Jim Hackett, told reporters, “It’s up to him.” In a statement Thursday afternoon, the Ford Motor Company added: “Bill Ford encouraged President Trump to wear a mask when he arrived. He wore a mask during a private viewing of three Ford GTs from over the years. The president later removed the mask for the remainder of the visit.” Bill Ford, the great-grandson of Henry Ford, has been the company’s executive chairman. Earlier this week, the company announced that Trump and anyone who accompanied him on his visit to the plant, which has been manufacturing ventilators, were “Our policy is that everyone wears PPE [personal protective equipment] to prevent the spread of COVID-19,” the company told Fox News. “We shared all of Ford’s safety protocols, including our manufacturing playbook, employee pamphlet and self-assessment survey with the White House ahead of time and in preparation for this trip.” “The White House has its own safety and testing policies in place and will make its own determination,” the company added. Earlier Thursday, Michigan Attorney General Dana Nessel, a Democrat, to wear a face mask on his visit. “While my department will not act to prevent you from touring Ford’s plant, I ask that while you are on tour you respect the great efforts of the men and women at Ford – and across this state – by wearing a facial covering,” “It is not just the policy of Ford, by virtue of the governor’s executive orders. It is currently the law of this state.” Earlier this month, Vice President Mike Pence came under fire for not wearing a mask while touring the Mayo Clinic in Minnesota. Pence addressed the controversy and told reporters that while he agreed with the guidelines from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention [CDC] about wearing masks to contain the spread of coronavirus, he and everyone around him was tested for the virus regularly. “When the CDC issued those guidelines, it was their recognition that people that may have it may prevent transmitting by wearing a mask,” the vice president said. “Since I don’t have it, I thought it would be a good opportunity to be here, speak to these guys and look them in the eye.” Pence has been seen wearing a mask since then.
https://video.foxnews.com/v/6158384466001/|__clean_error__|__clean_error__|
https://www.foxnews.com/politics/fox-news-poll-lack-of-contact-is-biggest-personal-hardship-of-pandemic|1 day ago|Fox News Poll: Lack of contact is biggest personal hardship of pandemic|Here are five takeaways on the coronavirus pandemic from the latest . -- More than 6 in 10 voters say the lack of available testing is a major problem, and many feel that way about the lack of a clear federal response. -- A majority wants to wait to reopen the economy, even if it prolongs the economic crisis. -- Approval has decreased since last month for those handling the response to coronavirus. -- The number of those concerned about getting infected is down, while the portion who know someone with the virus is up. -- The lack of physical and emotional contact is the biggest personal hardship. Here are the numbers behind those findings: Some 70 percent of voters are concerned about catching coronavirus, down from 76 percent in April. That shift is completely due to a 13-point drop among Republicans, as concern about infection holds steady among Democrats and independents. Overall, 38 percent personally know someone with coronavirus, up from 21 percent in April. That number climbs to 55 percent among Northeasterners and 45 percent among those living in urban areas. Many voters say the pandemic has caused them personal hardship, including a lack of physical and emotional contact with others (65 percent), lack of essential supplies (61 percent), loss of income (53 percent), loneliness (52 percent), and lack of food (39 percent). One in five (20 percent) believe the U.S. has the virus completely or mostly under control, while almost twice as many (35 percent) say the virus is not at all under control. Another 43 percent sit in the middle and say it is somewhat contained. Half of Democrats (49 percent) and a plurality of independents (43 percent) believe the virus is not at all under control. Among Republicans, 34 percent say it is entirely/mostly under control, 47 percent say somewhat, and 18 percent say not at all. As all states have now partially reopened, a majority, 55 percent, says they would rather wait to loosen restrictions, even if it prolongs the economic crisis. Thirty-four percent want to open the economy, even if it means the public health crisis lasts longer. Fifty-one percent think government stay-at-home orders and other restrictions hit the right balance. The rest split between believing the restrictions didn’t go far enough (27 percent) and went too far (21 percent). The largest share of Democrats (56 percent), Republicans (46 percent), and independents (45 percent) feel restrictions were about right. Republicans (36 percent) are more likely than independents (17 percent) and Democrats (7 percent) to believe they went too far. More than 6-in-10 voters say the lack of available testing (63 percent) and the lack of clear guidance from Washington (61 percent) are major problems. About 4-in-10 (39 percent) believe violations of personal freedoms are a major problem. Infectious disease expert Dr. Anthony Fauci continues to receive high marks for the job he is doing -- but not as high as last month. Seventy-four percent approve, down from 80 percent in April. The decline comes entirely from a 21-point drop in approval among Republicans (64 percent, down from 85 percent in April). Approval is up 4 points to 84 percent among Democrats and up 3 points to 66 percent among independents. Most voters, 70 percent, approve of their state government’s performance handling of the pandemic. That includes majorities of Democrats (75 percent), Republicans (69 percent), and independents (62 percent). Approval is lower, and has declined since April, for the federal government (51 percent, down from 56 percent), Mike Pence (47 percent, down from 52 percent), and President Trump (43 percent, down from 51 percent). About 7 in 10 (72 percent) report wearing a mask all or most of the time when they are out in public, and 6 in 10 (60 percent) plan to get a vaccine shot when one becomes available. Those most likely to wear a mask include Northeasterners, Democrats, seniors, and women. Those least likely to do so include white men without a college degree, Republicans, men, and Southerners. Currently, 44 percent of voters approve of President Trump’s overall job performance, while a 54 percent majority disapproves. Last month it was 49-49 percent, his record best job rating. Conducted May 17-20, 2020 under the joint direction of Beacon Research (D) and Shaw & Company (R), this Fox News Poll includes interviews with 1,207 randomly chosen registered voters nationwide who spoke with live interviewers on both landlines and cellphones. The poll has a margin of sampling error of plus or minus 2.5 percentage points for all registered voters.
https://www.foxnews.com/politics/trump-michigan-coronavirus-second-wave-not-going-close-country|1 day ago|Trump, in Michigan: 'We're not going to close the country' if there's a 2nd wave of coronavirus cases|acknowledged Thursday that there could be a second wave of the later this year, but flatly stated he wouldn’t let any further outbreaks shutter the economy again. “People say that’s a very distinct possibility,” Trump said when asked a possible second wave while in Michigan. “It's standard. And, we're going put out the fires. We're not going to close the country.” Trump’s comments came as he was touring a Ford Motor Co. plant outside of Detroit that has converted its automobile manufacturing facility into one making ventilators. During a speech at the plant, the president praised Ford workers for their efforts to produce thousands of ventilators during the pandemic. “The global pandemic proves once and for all that for America to be a strong nation, America needs to be a manufacturing nation,” Trump said. “I’m fighting to bring back our jobs from China and many other countries.” Conservative radio host said Trump had told this to him during a White House interview Wednesday, saying, “We will not do a lockdown for the second wave that is likely to come in the winter.” During his speech, the president also lashed out at China for its role in the coronavirus pandemic. “It came in from China and it should have been stopped in China,” he said. The first reports of the contagion surfaced late last year in Wuhan, the sprawling capital of Central China’s Hubei province, and the disease quickly spread across the globe. As of Thursday, over 5 million people have been infected worldwide with over 329,000 deaths, according to the Center for Systems Science and Engineering [CSSE] at Johns Hopkins University. Trump’s trip to Michigan – a battleground state that he won in the 2016 election – was only his third trip away from the Washington-area since the pandemic took hold in the U.S. and comes amid feuds with the state's Democratic governor and other officials in Michigan. A recent Fox News poll had the Democrats’ presumptive nominee, Joe Biden, leading Trump by eight points in Michigan. The poll also found that the majority of Michigan voters were concerned about coronavirus; thought Trump was too slow reacting to it; and favored waiting to reopen the economy. This came despite numerous protests and jabs from Trump over social media that have hit Lansing over Gov. Gretchen Whitmer’s stringent stay-at-home orders. Trying to signal to the nation that life was returning to normal, the president had begun started again, with all of his initial trips to states likely to be hot contests in this November’s election. Campaign advisers seemingly have grown increasingly worried about Michigan, believing that the president’s attacks on Whitmer have not worked and that the toll the virus has taken in the Detroit area, particularly among African Americans, will prove costly politically. The president’s advisers are said to have become convinced that of the three Rust Belt states that Trump took from Democrats in 2016, Michigan would be much more difficult to win again than Pennsylvania and, especially, Wisconsin. Michigan has been a frequent target for Trump, who on Wednesday threatened to withhold federal funds over the state’s expanded vote-by-mail effort. “We don’t want anyone to do mail-in ballots,” Trump told reporters on Thursday before leaving for Michigan. That state drew the president’s ire announcing this week it was sending ballot-request forms to all voters to encourage safe voting during the coronavirus pandemic. Trump, who has voted by mail absentee as recently as this March in Florida’s Republican presidential primary, did say he would support exceptions for those who were sick — or president. “Now, if somebody has to mail it in because they’re sick, or by the way because they live in the White House and they have to vote in Florida and they won’t be in Florida, but there’s a reason for it, that’s OK," Trump said. “To really vote and without fraud,” Trump said later in Michigan, “you have to go to the polling place." He added of mail-in balloting, “Obviously there’s going to be fraud. We’re not babies.” Trump also drew criticism for not wearing a face mask or goggles during his entire time at the Ford plant. When questioned by reporters about his lack of protection, the president said he did wear one before meeting with the media but took it off because he didn’t “want to give the press the pleasure of seeing it.” Ford said everyone in its factories needed wear personal protective equipment, including masks, and that its policy has been communicated to the White House. At least two people who worked in the White House and had been physically close to Trump recently tested positive for the virus. Officials said Trump has been tested daily; he said Thursday he tested negative that morning.
https://www.foxnews.com/us/pentagon-scraps-ban-recruits-hospitalized-coronavirus|1 day ago|Pentagon scraps ban on recruits hospitalized with coronavirus|The has scrapped a ban announced earlier this month on recruits who had previously contracted the from entering the military, the said Thursday. Matthew Donovan, the defense undersecretary for personnel and readiness, told reporters that he canceled the and reverted back to its previous process for accessing recruits, the Military Times reported. The Pentagon initially said it would implement an all-out ban on recruits previously infected with COVID-19 before favoring barring only those who had been hospitalized after contracting the virus. “At the same time, we’re having our health professionals and our doctors and researchers take a look at that, come up with any recommendations that they’ll provide to me and the [Defense] secretary [Mark Esper]. And I think they’re almost done with that now,” Donovan said. Moving forward, the military will review instances where a recruit had contracted COVID-19 and recovered on a case-by-case basis at the Military Entrance Processing Command (MEPS) locations in the recruit's home state and again when they report to basic training facilities. "Any infectious disease we want to make sure they’re not infectious at the time... There’s a lot of unknowns about this virus right now," Donovan said. "Are there any long-term, lasting effects? That’s what our health care professionals are looking at right now and they’ll come up with that recommendation on if there’s [sic] any changes required to the accession standard.” The military established protocols over several months as the pandemic gained a foothold in the United States in an effort to prevent an outbreak on military installations. Public health experts are not yet sure of the virus' long-term effects. In a May 11 to Esper, Rep. Andy Biggs opposed the initial ban, saying it was critical the Pentagon "halt implementation of any related bureaucratic actions that threaten the honor to serve in the U.S. military." "If an individual can pass the Military Entrance Processing Station screening process -- despite a hospitalization for coronavirus -- they should be allowed to serve," Briggs wrote. "I agree that more research is needed to study the long-term effects of coronavirus on the human body. However, I do not think that the lack of research available warrants permanently disqualifying patriotic Americans from serving in the military."
https://www.foxnews.com/media/dr-siegel-coronavirus-second-wave-south-america|1 day ago|Dr. Siegel warns officials should watch South America ahead of possible coronavirus 'second wave'|Fox News medical contributor Dr. Marc Siegel told " " Thursday that U.S. officials should keep an eye on the spread in South America as they prepare for a possible second wave of the pandemic in the fall and winter. "Today, I don't like what's coming out of Brazil," Siegel told host Bill Hemmer. "They have close to 300,000 cases in Brazil ... but they've had the highest number of cases on record over the last 24 hours, close to 20,000 cases; and Argentina is gearing up." Siegel noted that South American countries are currently experiencing conditions that would be the equivalent of late November in the Northern Hemisphere. The NYU Langone internist added that Australia is having better luck containing the spread of COVID-19, but explained that the government there instituted a lockdown very early on. "So if I see South America, which is not on lockdown, seeing more cases [in their] late fall, that is when our second wave would be," Siegel said. "We are looking to them to see what we could anticipate here and their fall is deep fall now and they are seeing a surge of cases." that he believes lockdown orders don't work unless they come into effect before a virus is widespread in a particular location. He clarified Thursday that while a second wave of coronavirus in America is not certain, public health should remain vigilant. "[It] is an evolving situation," he said. "We have to be looking at it day by day to figure this out."
https://www.foxnews.com/politics/connecticut-gov-lamont-signs-order-allowing-registered-voters-to-cast-absentee-ballots-in-primary-election-amid-coronavirus|1 day ago|Connecticut Gov. Lamont signs order allowing registered voters to cast absentee ballots in primary election during coronavirus|Gov. Ned Lamont signed an executive order this week allowing all registered voters to vote absentee in the state’s Aug. 11 primary elections. “Nobody should need to make a decision between their health and their right to vote,” Lamont said in a statement. “Our state has taken every responsible step to this point to ensure that our residents are safe, and the next step we must take is to mitigate the risk of the spread of COVID-19 when residents cast their ballots.” Lamont added: “We must guarantee access to the ballot, and this is a way to do that during these extraordinary circumstances. I do not take this decision lightly, and it is with the public health and welfare of residents in mind.” Current Connecticut law authorizes the use of an absentee ballot for several reasons, including a voter’s active service in the Armed Forces; absence from town during all hours of voting; an illness; religious beliefs; duties as an election official; and physical disability. Lamont said that as COVID-19 continues to spread through the case, it is “critical” that the state make “reasonable adjustments that reflect the current state of emergency while ensuring that the democratic process continues safely and securely.” Connecticut Secretary of State Denise Merrill announced this week that she intends to mail every registered voter in the state an application that they will be required to fill out and return in order to obtain their absentee ballot. The applications, which will be sent by U.S. Postal Service, will include a postage-paid return envelope. Once the applications are processed, all voters who requested absentee ballots will receive them in the mail, also with a postage-paid return envelope included. Merrill said that each town in Connecticut would have a secure dropbox in a prominent location to allow voters to submit their absentee ballots in person without close personal contact. Connecticut’s 2020 presidential primary election was initially scheduled for April 28, but due to the coronavirus crisis, the governor signed an executive order to reschedule it—first to June 2, and then to August 11—the same date the state was scheduled to hold other primary races for federal, state and local offices. As of Thursday, Connecticut reported more than 38,400 positive cases of the novel coronavirus and more than 3,470 deaths.
https://www.foxnews.com/travel/universal-orlando-approved-reopen-on-june-5th-report|1 day ago|Universal Orlando reopening plans for June 5 approved by task force: report|It appears that won’t sit out summer after all. According to reports, the Florida theme park has received approval from a Florida task force to reopen to the public in early June and is awaiting a response from the Orange County mayor. The park originally closed its doors in mid-March in an effort to help curb the spread of the . Representatives for Universal Orlando Resort met with the Orange County Economic Recovery Task Force earlier this week to submit plans for reopening, reports. When the theme park reopens, certain precautions have been put in place, however, to help guests stay safe and continue to social distance. After reviewing the plans, the task force unanimously voted to approve the park’s reopening, reports. Orange County Mayor Jerry Dennings reportedly still needs to review the plans before the governor weighs in. Universal Orlando reportedly plans on opening June 1 just for employees for a dry run. On June 3, a number of invited guests will be allowed in the park before it reopens to the public on June 5. According to , government officials inspected the park Thursday morning and found no concerns in regards to the reopening plan. When the park reopens, guests and employees will be required to wear masks, which will be provided to guests who don’t already have one. Temperature checks will also be performed and certain areas of the parks will remain closed (interactive play areas and mist areas). Restaurants will also implement single-use paper menus and the park is reportedly attempting to minimize the use of cash. Guests will be asked to maintain social distancing while in lines for rides and food. Executive Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer of Universal Parks and Resorts John Sprouls told People, “We mapped out the guest journey and every single point where they come in contact with us … and tried to identify every single touchpoint that we would have with the guest so we can keep them safe.”
https://www.foxnews.com/media/ben-shapiro-steven-pinker-harvard-belief-afterlife|1 day ago|Ben Shapiro fires back at Harvard prof's 'ridiculous' claim that belief in afterlife is 'malignant delusion'|Conservative author blasted a Harvard psychology professor's argument Thursday that evangelical Christians' belief in an afterlife is largely responsible for the widespread push to end across America. "Belief in an afterlife is a malignant delusion," Steven Pinker tweeted, "since it devalues actual lives and discourages action that would make them longer, safer, and happier. Exhibit A: What’s really behind Republicans wanting a swift reopening? Evangelicals." Pinker linked to a Washington Post column arguing that "Christian fundamentalism is often fatalistic." Shapiro, who is Jewish, called Pinker's argument "ridiculous on its face." "So if I believe that my actions don't merely matter here on earth but in eternity, my actions are somehow devalued?" he tweeted in response. "Also, please explain why my synagogue shut down BEFORE any governmental orders to do so if we don't care about actual life." In the Post column linked by Pinker, contributing columnist Gary Abernathy cited a variety of New Testament verses as part of his argument that Christians didn't take coronavirus deaths as seriously as other groups. "Evangelicals take it to heart , 'What is your life? You are a mist that appears for a little while and then vanishes,' or , 'I consider that our present sufferings are not worth comparing with the glory that will be revealed in us,' or , 'Can any one of you by worrying add a single hour to your life?'" He added that "[a]s far as many evangelicals are concerned, life passes quickly, suffering is temporary and worrying solves nothing. "That’s not a view that comports well with long stretches of earthly time spent waiting out business closures or stay-at-home orders. It should be no surprise that a person’s deepest beliefs about the world influence how they measure the risks they’re willing to take."
https://video.foxnews.com/v/6158380228001/|__clean_error__|__clean_error__|
https://video.foxnews.com/v/6158363671001/|__clean_error__|__clean_error__|
https://www.foxnews.com/health/coronavirus-cbd-scams-cannabis|1 day ago|Coronavirus sparks scammers pushing CBD as cure-all|The saying goes “never waste a good crisis.” Many businesses are profiting off fears with false claims of preventing, treating, or even curing the virus. Authorities are taking measures to shut down false advertisements. Coronavirus-related cons, scams and claims abound , which has received 49,046 reports related to COVID-19, and a total fraud loss of $35.57 million dollars and counting. The faux claims of CBD cures are pushed via text message, e-mail, and advertisements to consumers. “Over 20 websites have been fully removed for scamming and profiting off of coronavirus illegally” said a spokesperson for the New York Attorney General office. While most of these fraudulent websites are advertising COVID-19 home testing scams, some are promoting fake cures. , a company specializing in cannabidiol, to immediately cease and desist advertising one of its products as a means of curing or treating the novel coronavirus. , “We do not approve of or condone the marketing methods brought to our attention by the cease and desist notification.” They also told the New York Post that a third party is responsible for marketing and it “instructed such vendors to take necessary action to ensure advertisements for our product do not include any claim that our products prevent, cure, or treat the 2019 novel coronavirus … or any other disease.” “Deceptive marketing is never acceptable, especially during a time of crisis; this is a matter of public health and safety. My office will continue to root out companies that attempt to illegally profit from this pandemic,” . Online scams involving cannabidiol were common prior to the COVID-19 outbreak, but confusion surrounding the virus as well as what CBD is approved for makes for a particularly effective scam. Currently the FDA has These FDA-approved drugs include Epidiolex, Marinol, Syndros, and Cesamet, which are used in treating various conditions ranging from AIDS-related anorexia to certain types of seizures. None of these drugs are specifically approved for the prevention, treatment or cure for COVID-19. Stringent FDA restrictions regarding wording that can and cannot be used on products containing CBD potentially leave many consumers in a state of confusion. While some consumers may use CBD with the intent of alleviating various health ailments, CBD cannot be marketed as such . In a January 2020 to analyze the effects of CBD on viral infections, researchers concluded that there is little clinical evidence supporting the antiviral properties of CBD and warned CBD retailers against this approach to advertising. “CBD sellers should stop promoting claims that are not backed by scientific evidence,” researchers wrote. “Misleading claims represent both a threat to public health and a violation of consumer access to accurate information.” One organization that has been vigilant in warning about COVID-19 scams from cannabis companies is the nation’s oldest cannabis reform organization (National Organization for the Reform of Marijuana Laws). “It should be of no surprise that similar folks who had no qualms with taking advantage of patients and other concerned individuals during good times have no problem doing so during a health crisis,” NORML executive director Erik Altieri . NORML suggested in a they provided to Fox News that consumers “either limit or altogether avoid their exposure to combustive smoke of any kind” due to the nature of COVID-19 to attack the respiratory system. Americans who suspect they have been the victim of a COVID-19-related scam are encouraged to report the incident to the .
https://www.foxnews.com/media/gordon-chang-praises-trump-language-china-coronavirus|1 day ago|Gordon Chang praises Trump's 'corrosive language' against China: 'He’s now becoming much more realistic'|Fox News Asia analyst Gordon Chang told " " Thursday that is right to a take harsh tone toward China after previous presidents tried to “entice China into good behavior” while being fully aware that Beijing was “acting badly.” “What President Trump has done starting yesterday is [use] some really corrosive language and I actually think this is a good thing because he’s now becoming much more realistic about what the Chinese did,” said Chang, who added that Chinese leaders took steps that “inevitably led to the spread of the coronavirus beyond China’s borders." “President Trump ... called this ‘mass worldwide killing’ and he has mentioned ‘incompetence,'" Chang noted. "Actually, I think the president could have gone further and said this was either reckless or malicious, but, anyway, we’re seeing a new tone out of the White House and that, I believe, is a move in the right direction,” Chang said. unleashed a series of scathing tweets Wednesday night in response to what he called a “massive disinformation campaign” by the government regarding the outbreak. Trump said Beijing was “desperate to have Sleepy win the presidential race so they can continue to rip-off [sic] the United States, as they have done for decades, until I came along!” The president also accused two top Chinese spokespeople of trying to “deflect the pain and carnage that their country spread throughout the world.” In addition, Trump appeared to direct blame toward China President Xi Jinping, although Trump did not mention him by name. “It all comes from the top,” Trump wrote. “They could have easily stopped the plague, but they didn’t!” Trump and his administration have blamed the Chinese government for the pandemic, accusing Chinese officials of downplaying the scale of the outbreak in Wuhan and providing faulty data to the – resulting in nations around the world, including the U.S., being ill-prepared for the impact of the virus as it crossed their borders. Chang said that the World Health Organization “helped China propagate the false notion” that the disease did not spread between humans while knowing otherwise. Chang also said the the WHO helped China pressure countries into not implementing quarantines and travel restrictions when such measures were necessary to prevent the spread of the virus. “This disease is a lot worse outside of China because of the actions of the World Health Organization,” Chang said.
https://www.foxnews.com/us/coronavirus-chicago-illinois-reopen-church-sunday|1 day ago|Pastor urging nationwide reopen to preach at church met with Chicago 'thuggery'|The pastor urging churches nationwide to reopen in defiance of shutdown orders is traveling to Chicago this Sunday to stand with a church the city fined $500 for holding service this week. Brian Gibson, pastor of a megachurch with locations in Owensboro, Ky., and Amarillo, Texas, is going to Elim Romanian Pentecostal Church, one of three the city fined for violating Gov. statewide stay-at-home order, according to the Chicago Police Department. Gibson, who started the movement that now reportedly has thousands of churches on board, told Fox News he's traveling to Pastor Cristian Ionescu's church to "stand against injustice" in the location that "seems to be the belly of the beast." His Church pastor points out Mayor Lori Lightfoot's "double standard" for getting a haircut, but then using government force to and fine congregations: "There's a ruling caste and you are peasants," the pastor characterized her actions. "This is a refugee population that came here from a totalitarian government, had no religious liberties ... and what do they find when they get in Chicago?" Gibson added. "They find thuggery, they shut down the streets around their church. These people are harassed ... It's un-American. It's unacceptable. This is not Romania. This is not China ... This is America. "So I go to stand with them for the First Amendment and stand for religious freedom and stand with my brothers and sisters in Christ." Mat Staver, Liberty Counsel founder and chairman representing Elim and Logos Baptist Ministries, also slammed the governor and mayor's actions as being "reminiscent of mob-like thuggery." "The outrageous action by Mayor Lori Lightfoot is putting people in danger," Staver said in a statement. "These heavy-handed tactics are unconstitutional and will not succeed.” The Seventh Circuit Court of Appeals did not grant an injunction Saturday night pending appeal, with an expedited briefing expected to come in about three weeks. Ionescu held services with more than 100 people on Sunday after the church was denied a request for a temporary restraining order last week by a federal judge. He called the city's efforts "vindictive." U.S. District Judge Robert Gettleman rejected the comparison between churches and grocery stores in his ruling and instead, said they are more comparable to schools, movie theaters or concert halls, where no one is currently allowed to gather. The ruling came a week after another church, the Beloved Church of Lena, represented by Thomas More Society, in its challenge against the governor's orders.
https://www.foxnews.com/politics/trump-coronavirus-test-positively-toward-negative|1 day ago|Trump, after coronavirus test, says 'I tested positively toward negative'|on Thursday disclosed the results of his daily coronavirus test by saying he “tested positively toward negative.” "I tested very positively in another sense. I tested positively toward negative,” Trump told reporters. “I tested perfectly this morning, meaning I tested negative.” Trump announced on May 7 that he, Vice President Pence and other senior officials would begin receiving daily coronavirus tests after a member of the president's valet tested positive for the virus, which has infected 1.5 million Americans and killed more than 93,000. Around the same time, Pence’s press secretary Katie Miller contracted the disease. This week, the president announced he was taking hydroxychloroquine at the direction of his physician to avoid contracting COVID-19. Trump said he and a zinc supplement daily for almost two weeks -- even though the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has said hydroxychloroquine should only be used in formal studies. Trump has spent weeks pushing the drug as a potential cure for COVID-19, despite there being no consensus on its effectiveness or safety. Dr. Sean Conley, the president's physician, announced the decision in a statement Monday night, saying: "After numerous discussions he and I had about regarding the evidence for and against the use of hydroxychloroquine, we concluded the potential benefit from treatment outweighed the relative risks."
https://www.foxnews.com/health/lupus-patient-on-hydroxychloroquine-contracts-coronavirus-report-says|1 day ago|Lupus patient on hydroxychloroquine contracts coronavirus, report says|A Wisconsin woman who for 19 years has been taking hydroxychloroquine -- the same drug President Trump announced he has been taking in order to preventatively ward off the – claims she has contracted COVID-19. The woman, whose last name was not revealed said she was prescribed the anti-malarial drug for lupus. In mid-April, she developed several telltale signs of the virus and eventually tested positive at Aurora Medical Center, “When they gave the diagnosis, I felt like it was a death sentence. I was like, ‘I’m going to die,’” she told the news outlet. “I’m like, ‘How can I be sick? How I’m on the hydroxychloroquine.’ They were like, ‘Well, nobody ever said that was the cure or that was going to keep you safe,’ and it definitely did not.” Kim told the news outlet that she was in the hospital for seven days where she received oxygen and plasma before she was released to go home. that he had been taking hydroxychloroquine and a zinc supplement daily after requesting it from his doctor for the last two weeks sparked a fury of debate among experts and health officials who voiced concern about the safety of the drug. Dr. Sean Conley, the president’s physician, said that he and Trump discussed the drug at length and decided that the potential benefits outweighed the risks. However, Dr. Janette Nesheiwat, a Fox News medical contributor, warned that may not be the case for everyone. “You have to have a discussion with your doctor to decide if it is best for you,” she said. “It is not going to be good for everyone but it may be beneficial and potentially life-saving for others.” The Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has previously warned against the use of the drug outside of hospital settings after reports of “serious heart rhythm problems.” “The FDA is aware of reports of serious heart rhythm problems in patients with COVID-19 treated with hydroxychloroquine or chloroquine, often in combination with azithromycin,” the agency said. “We are also aware of increased use of these medicines through outpatient prescriptions. Therefore, we would like to remind health care professionals and patients of the known risks associated with both hydroxychloroquine and chloroquine.” In addition to lupus, the medication has also been prescribed to treat rheumatoid arthritis. However, in two recent large observational studies, patients were not found to benefit from the drug. Two additional studies published in the medical journal BMJ reached the same conclusion.
https://video.foxnews.com/v/6158375359001/|__clean_error__|__clean_error__|
https://www.foxnews.com/media/dr-simone-gold-warning-health-effects-shutdown|1 day ago|Doctor who raised alarm about health effects of shutdown says 'rest of the story' must be heard|, an emergency medicine specialist based in Los Angeles, told “ ” on Thursday that “there are thousands and thousands of stories of patient harm” due to stay-at-home orders issued in response to the pandemic. “We are frustrated,” Gold, the head organizer of the letter, told host . Gold is the head organizer of an open letter signed by who pushed President Trump to end what they called a "national shutdown". The letter described widespread state orders keeping businesses closed and children home from school as a "mass casualty incident" with "exponentially growing health consequences." The letter said that as a result of the shutdowns, doctors have seen increases in the number of patients missing routine checkups that could detect issues like heart problems or cancer, increased substance and alcohol abuse, and greater financial instability that could lead to "[p]overty and financial uncertainty," which "is closely linked to poor health." “I could read you heartbreaking story after heartbreaking story sent to me by physicians of patients that have died or suffered severe harm because they were afraid to go to the hospital and their own doctor’s offices were shut,” Gold told Henry, adding that some of those stories involve nursing home patients who were not allowed to have visitors and whose “mental health is deteriorated" as a result. “I had a lady who had [a] terribly arthritic hip, she was due for a hip replacement, as you know, she couldn’t get it because it was deemed elective,” Gold added. “She ended up waiting on that and becoming very sedentary because of the pain.” “About a month later she developed a blood clot in her lungs," Gold continued. "She’s teetering right now." Gold said stroke patients could be at particular risk during the pandemic. A new study from the Washington University School of Medicine has found that stroke evaluations have dropped by nearly 40 percent, suggesting that many stroke patients are not getting potentially life-saving medical treatment, according to . “We just want America to hear the story,” Gold said, explaining why doctors sent the latter. “We feel that there is one narrative out there and that’s OK, but you need to hear the whole picture, the rest of the story. “We feel that one opinion is not sufficient and that the second opinion of all these thousands of doctors needs to be heard."
https://www.foxnews.com/food-drink/restaurants-grubhub-doordash-delivery-apps-running-them-out-of-business|1 day ago|Some restaurants pushing back against third-party delivery apps|across the country are pushing back against third-party delivery apps as more Americans turn to their services during the when establishments have been forced to close dining rooms and focus only on takeaway options. Owners are struggling to keep restaurants open amid the pandemic, which has forced them to change hours, lay off employees and, in just to stay afloat. Now some of these stressed restaurants say third-party delivery apps such as Grubhub, DoorDash and Uber Eats are causing even more economic issues. But those providers say they are on the restaurants' side, and couldn't exist without them. According to these business owners, restaurants are left with a fraction of their earnings after third-party apps collect their "exorbitant" fees. Some, such as DoorDash, have also been accused of misleading consumers . Restaurant owner John Stamos of Pitas and Sticks in Brooklyn, N.Y., began placing a note inside each delivery bag to its customers, describing Grubhub's commission fees. "Small businesses like us need your support in this time of crisis," Stamos writes in each note. "Online apps such as GRUBHUB ARE CHARGING US 30% of each order and $9 or more on orders made using phone numbers on their app or website … please help save the restaurant industry by ordering directly with us,” the note read, reported. Restaurants are pleading with their customers to order directly from their business pages instead of turning to the convenience of delivery apps. Some have even begun offering special deals available to those that order from them directly. Chain restaurant Bareburger started advertising its specials “only available on bareburger.com.” It also placed signage urging people to “support your local restaurants & order directly with them,” according to the outlet. Mesa Pizza Co. also took out ads slamming Grubhub and asking customers to call them directly. “How it works is the delivery platforms come into a market, and they usually start by putting all of the restaurants’ menus on their platforms,” Travis Stoliker, co-owner of Saddleback BBQ in Lansing, Mich., told the . "They basically scrape the Internet, find our menus and they list us and they create essentially websites that are about our restaurant. And they haven’t gotten permission to do that." “When the delivery platform takes 30 percent, it means almost all restaurants that are using the delivery platforms are running at break-even or actually at a loss for every time you place an order," Stoliker added. Grubhub denies the allegations, instead blaming high rent and taxes -- not Grubhub's commission fees, which it says are used for delivery costs and marketing. "Grubhub is neither a public utility nor simply a delivery service. In the simplest of terms, Grubhub is a marketing engine and an order generation business -- connecting hungry diners to great, local restaurants," a spokesperson for Grubhub said in a statement to Fox News. "The platform is free for any restaurant owner who chooses to join, and Grubhub offers a fee-for-service model, meaning that restaurant owners select the services they want and only pay when Grubhub generates a sale. Restaurants have many options to drive business besides third-party marketplaces, none of which are seeing their fees regulated." Cities have moved to cap fees that delivery companies can charge. DoorDash , and Uber Eats says it stopped charging delivery fees for more than 100,000 independent restaurants in an effort to help. The caps, which have been implemented in several cities across the U.S., have been vehemently opposed by Grubhub, claiming they would hinder restaurants' earnings. "On the face of it, a cap on fees seems to be an easy solution to help restaurants that are struggling due to the coronavirus. And there is nothing we want more than to ensure the health of independent restaurants -- we don’t have a business without them," the statement read. "But this solution is exactly the wrong thing to do. In reality, this proposed cap will lower order volume to locally-owned restaurants, increase costs -- and headaches -- for small business owners, and raise costs to customers. Delivery workers, who are currently relying on Grubhub to earn an income including 100 percent of tips from diners, would have fewer work opportunities and lower earnings. In the middle of what is quickly becoming one of the worst economic downturns in a century, Grubhub is ensuring that workers in New York City can continue to provide for themselves and their families." A spokesperson for DoorDash did not respond to requests for comment.
https://www.foxnews.com/politics/pelosi-ramps-up-pressure-on-mcconnell-to-pass-coronavirus-legislation|1 day ago|Pelosi ramps up pressure on McConnell to pass coronavirus legislation|ramped up the pressure on Senate Majority to pass another round of legislation, arguing that public opinion is in favor of a massive relief effort. Pelosi said the the House passed Friday has "broad support across the country" and McConnell cannot afford to do nothing. "We call on Leader McConnell [to act]. We have the HEROES bill. Others say he has the Zeroes Bill," Pelosi quipped Thursday. "We need this bill for many reasons." Meanwhile, in the Senate Thursday, McConnell railed against the House for not returning to full session during the pandemic, like the Senate, and dismissed the HEROES Act as an "absurd, unserious proposal." McConnell said the four rounds of coronavirus legislation the House and Senate already passed were successful and now America is ready to reopen. "It worked," McConnell said. "The American people did what Americans do: They got it done." But Pelosi said Thursday the work is far from over to help struggling families and protect public employees from layoffs. The House's $3 trillion plan -- the most expensive bill passed in history -- is probably not big enough, she said at a press conference Thursday. "They said to me 'you go big. You go big.' We went big but not any bigger than is necessary," Pelosi said. "In fact, we could do more. And we probably will have to [do more] depending on what comes next in our economy and meeting our health needs." Pelosi has said the $3 trillion bill was actually "lean." "It's lean. It's disciplined. It's focused on the health and well being of the American people," Pelosi said Wednesday. "It is a way to open up our economy based on science." Pelosi's office on Thursday sent around that showed 67 percent of the American people support the HEROES Act. She said the public sentiment will eventually bring McConnell to the table, but right now "he has decided to obstruct." She asked whether McConnell and Republicans were "ashamed" for not wanting to spend money to help Americans devastated by the economic and health crisis. "Aren't they ashamed to say ... 'I don't want to spend money to feed people in America,'" Pelosi said. The HEREOS Act includes $915 billion in state and local aid that could prevent layoffs of public workers, like first responders and teachers; a new $200 billion "heroes" fund for hazard pay for essential workers; $100 billion for K-12 and higher education and $75 billion for coronavirus testing. The legislation doles out $1,200 to eligible individuals, up to $6,000 per household. The bill extends add-on unemployment benefits of $600 in addition to state benefits through January 2021, and provides $175 billion for families to pay their mortgages and rent. The legislation includes student loan forgiveness, an employee retention tax credit and increases maximum SNAP benefits by 15 percent. But tucked into the legislation are provisions that rankled the Republicans, including expanding $1,200 checks t restoring the full that helps individuals in high-taxed blue states, a $25 billion rescue for the U.S. Postal Service, to access banking services and early voting and vote-by-mail provisions. Pelosi said this legislation is the starting point of negotiations and Republicans should put forth their own proposal.
https://www.foxnews.com/politics/rand-paul-says-faucis-policies-emasculated-medical-care-system-ruined-economy|1 day ago|Rand Paul says Fauci's policies ‘emasculated’ medical care system, ‘ruined’ economy|Sen. , R-Ky., along with Rep. Andy Biggs, R-Ariz., said in an op-ed Thursday that the coronavirus lockdown recommendations of Dr. Anthony Fauci have “emasculated” the health care system and “ruined” the economy. “Fauci and company have relied on models that were later found to be deficient. He even has suggested that he on any of the models, especially if the underlying assumptions are wrong,” the pair wrote in an op-ed for . “Yet, Fauci persists in advocating policies that have emasculated the medical care system and ruined the economy.” They pointed to Fauci's testimony last week before a Senate committee that opening too soon would “result in needless suffering and death.” “What about the countless stories of needless suffering and death produced by Fauci’s to public health?” Paul and Biggs shot back. They called for policies based on trusting the risk assessment of the American people rather than a federal government mandate. “Freedom allows us to judge the risk and reward and determine a course we think best,” the lawmakers wrote. “If we feel going to a certain retailer, barbershop, restaurant, or some other business is risky, we have the judgment to decide to not go there. If we want to stay home, we can.” Fauci, the director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases and an early prominent face in the White House Coronavirus Task Force, testified before the Senate on May 12 that reopening the economy before certain "checkpoints" set up in the Trump administration's coronavirus recovery plan are met could bring "suffering and death" and “turn the clock backwards.” He called out the effects of reopening schools too early, in particular. "Depending on the dynamics of an outbreak in a particular region, state, city or area, that would really determine the speed and the pace with which one does reenter or reopen," Fauci said. "If some areas – cities states or what have you – jump over those barriers, checkpoints and prematurely open up without having the capability of being able to respond effectively, and efficiently, my concern is that we will start to see little spikes that might turn into outbreaks." Fauci resisted pressure to rip on the Trump administration's response to the pandemic in his planned remarks, instead emphasizing efforts by the National Institutes of Health (NIH) to develop vaccines and other medical means to fight the coronavirus. Paul got into a during the testimony over his call for caution with reopening schools. "The history of this will be wrong prediction after wrong prediction after wrong prediction," Paul said, mentioning, among several other examples, Sweden, which left its schools open. "I don't think you're an end-all, I don't think you're the one person that gets to make a decision." "I have never made myself out to be the end-all and only voice in this," Fauci responded. "I'm a scientist, a physician and a public health official. I give advice, according to the best scientific evidence." He emphasized that he only gives advice about public health, not "economic things." Fauci, during that hearing, continued emphasizing that it is not clear children are generally immune from the harmful effects of the coronavirus: "We should be humble about what we don't know. And I think that falls under the fact that we don't know everything about this virus, and we really got to be very careful, particularly when it comes to children. Because the more and more we learn, we're seeing things about what this virus can do that we didn't see from the studies in China or in Europe."
https://www.foxnews.com/politics/chinese-propaganda-video-game-pompeo|1 day ago|Chinese state media makes propaganda video game to bash Pompeo|is pushing back against growing international criticism of its botched handling of the coronavirus pandemic -- which went on to infect millions and cause an international economic crisis -- by making fun of Secretary of State Mike Pompeo with a video game. The video, dubbed by state-controlled CGTN, shows Pompeo in a video game setting with a “credibility” bar that decreases over time as he makes a series of statements that the oppressive regime brands as false. It shows him getting beaten up by coronavirus germs, while a Chinese scientist attacks and defeats the same germs. It also shows a cartoon image of (WHO) Director-General Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus appearing to debunk statements by Pompeo on whether or not China has shared virus samples with the rest of the world. It also tries to present a contrast between Pompeo’s statement that the U.S. believes the virus originated in a lab in Wuhan with a conclusion by the intelligence community that the U.S. does not believe the virus is manmade. But U.S. officials have never claimed that the virus is manmade, only from a Wuhan lab when the naturally-occurring virus was being studied there. After a series of statements that damage “Pompeo’s” credibility bar, he collapses, and the game informs him that he must say something “true” in order to be revived. “When I was CIA director, we lied, we cheated, we stole,” he says, at which point the avatar is revived. “You must be honest in this cooperation game,” the video concludes. The “game” is just a cartoon representation of a video game used to bash the top U.S. diplomat and cannot actually be played, and is therefore unlikely to be challenging "Fortnite" or "Call of Duty" any time soon -- but it marks the latest push by the communist regime against accountability for how the virus originated and spread from Wuhan, China. in the face of international pressure this week and joined calls for a WHO-led investigation into the origins of the pandemic. However, the WHO has itself shown strong pro-China bias, and Beijing this week committed to a $2 billion cash injection after the U.S. paused its funding amid an investigation into the WHO’s conduct.
https://www.foxnews.com/media/chuck-schumer-desantis-premature-florida|1 day ago|Chuck Schumer knocks Florida Gov. DeSantis, says his dunk on media was 'premature'|spoke too soon when he criticized the media's dire predictions about his reopening strategy, argued on Thursday. "What he’s saying is premature," Schumer told "The View." "Most of the experts say if this is going to come back because we moved too soon, it will take several months before that happens — July, August, September, October. And to compare New York and Florida is sort of like apples and oranges." "We were the hot spot. We had more coronavirus cases than anybody else, and so I think you’ve got to be careful, and you’ve got to listen to the scientists. I don’t think name-calling of anybody is appropriate, but I do think, you know, getting out there and bragging that everything is fine is premature at best and could be dangerous if the disease comes back, and no one knows. We have had no experience with this virus in the past." "No one, not even the scientists know exactly how and when it comes back, but too many of them warn us if you move too fast, it will come back with a vengeance." Speaking to reporters alongside Vice President Mike Pence this week, DeSantis touted Florida's improving data, citing Dr. Deborah Birx of the White House coronavirus task force, who called it the "absolutely best data" among every state in the country. "So any insinuation otherwise is just typical, partisan narrative trying to be spun and part of the reason is that you've got a lot of people in your profession who waxed poetically for weeks and weeks about how Florida was going to be just like New York," DeSantis scolded the reporters. "'Wait two weeks, Florida is going to be next. Just like Italy, wait two weeks.' Well hell, we're eight weeks away from that and it hasn't happened!" DeSantis then pointed to Florida's "lower death rate" than states up north, in the Midwest and in the South, adding "I was the No. 1 landing spot from tens of thousands of people leaving the No. 1 hot zone in the world to come to my state," referring to New York City. "And so we've succeeded and I think that people just don't want to recognize it because it challenges their narrative, it challenges their assumption, so they've got to try and find a boogeyman – maybe it's that black helicopter circling the Department of Health. If you believe that, then I have a bridge in Brooklyn I'd like to sell ya," DeSantis said.
https://video.foxnews.com/v/6158352887001/|__clean_error__|__clean_error__|
https://www.foxnews.com/world/iran-picks-cyber-fight-with-israel-as-both-sides-target-critical-infrastructure|1 day ago|Iran picks cyber fight with Israel as both sides target critical infrastructure|The simmering cyber conflict between and reached a boiling point this week as the two enemies have been going tit-for-tat in an effort to quietly take down critical infrastructure that security analysts dub something of an electronic cold war. “The fact that Iran is behaving so aggressively, and trying to disrupt critical services in Israel, is very disturbing,” David Kennedy, founder/CEO of TrustedSec, and a former hacker for the NSA and U.S. Marine Corps told Fox News. “Any time you have a state actor engaged in industrial sabotage, that is a real cause for concern. When you attack a critical service like water, power, hospitals, or transportation, you are essentially putting lives at risk.” Last month, Iran fired the first shot by purporting to cyberattack water installations – including tanks, pumps, and pipelines in Israel – raising the alarm among national security and cyber experts over the vulnerability of critical infrastructure. While some slight damage to water valves and control systems did take place, according to , ultimately there was no persistent damage to the water supply as the hackers had likely intended. And then on May 9, the Bandar Abbas port terminal in the south of Iran was suddenly crippled, and shipping traffic was suspended for days. Israel was behind the retaliatory strike back which successfully inflicted severe damage without causing casualties, the reported this week. Israeli Water Authority officials reportedly detected the attempt and immediately changed system passwords and took measures to secure their systems. “It is definitely unusual to see a state actor targeting the critical infrastructure assets of another state. That type of activity is usually reserved for war or near-war situations, at least by most countries,” Kennedy surmised. “Iran doesn’t respect those rules.” Moreover, analysts have also pointed out that Iran’s cyberattack was executed through servers based in the United States and Europe, which indicates some degree of sophistication, despite being a routine TACTIC used globally by those adverse to the West. “The Israeli response was measured yet enough to cause logistical and economic disorder from Iran’s main port at a time when they can ill afford any further financial disruptions due to sanctions, low oil prices, unemployment, and massive inflation,” noted Jeff Bardin, the Chief Intelligence Officer at security firm Treadstone 71. “My assumption here is that the Iranians used extracts and updates to Stuxnet code to manipulate the Israeli equipment.” The Stuxnet virus was a joint cyber operation between Israeli and American intelligence and was deployed in 2011 to infect Iran’s then-burgeoning nuclear program – effectively harming the electricity boxes linked to the centrifuges being utilized for uranium enrichment. Nonetheless, Tehran was able to course correct in the aftermath of the course contagion, learning how to bolster its own cyber defense and develop tactics of its own. And following the April attempt to harm Israel’s water systems, the regime is said to have overinflated the outcome in its press as a means of distraction against the coronavirus pandemic crippling much of the nation’s health care system. The gloating prompted Israel to acknowledge that an incident had happened, although it was largely dismissed. “We are in a state of constant cyber cold war accentuated by regular skirmishes such as the Iranian attack on Israeli water systems and the Israeli response on Iran’s main port. Israel does not usually come out of the shadows to execute publicly identified cyber-attacks,” Bardin continued. “They did so this time since Iran was chest-thumping over the attack on the Israeli water system, considered critical infrastructure. Israel had to strike back and did so in such a way that shut down the port for 10 days.” And Kennedy further underscored that because Iran does not have the military might to confront Israel or the United States directly, it is instead forced to engage in asymmetric warfare, of which cyber is an important part. “Ever since Iran was hit by Stuxnet, they have been actively developing their own cyber-kinetic capabilities. This capability is extremely important for Iran because it gives them the ability to strike inside the borders of countries that they could not attack directly with traditional military forces. It also allows them to score PR victories at home, without risking a humiliating military response,” he said. “Iran’s cyber operations against Israel are definitely becoming more aggressive during the pandemic. Anytime you target critical infrastructure, you are seriously escalating the situation.” And things kicked up an extra notch on Thursday, after allegedly hackers seemingly infiltrated tens of thousands of unsecured Israeli websites, disabling their functions and blasting threatening videos and messages pertaining to the “crimes against the Palestinians,” and “all we can do is revenge from a cyberattack.” The group remains on both and Youtube. “Thousands of Israeli sites, including sites of major and major companies in the economy, were vandalized following an attack by anti-Israel officials against the Upress hosting company,” Bardin explained. “The attack disrupted the company’s servers. Instead of the usual content of the sites appears content calling for the destruction of Israel. In addition, the sites ask the users permission to use the camera to take photos.” He pointed out that, at this stage, it is unclear whether the company’s databases were hacked or is it merely a corruption. Upress, one of Israel’s largest website hosting companies, announced on its Facebook page that the attack was caused by security vulnerabilities in the WordPress plugin. “We work in collaboration with the state cyber authority, conduct security investigations, and handle all sites,” the company added. Hacking a web hosting company allows hackers to hit many sites at once. In addition, Bardin’s Treadstone 71 found significant chatter in Iranian social media sites on WordPress vulnerabilities prior to the penetration. But where the Iran/Israel cyber conflict goes from here – and whether tensions will continue to rise – remains to be seen. According to Behnam Ben Taleblu, a senior fellow and Iran expert at the Foundation for Defense of Democracies (FDD), the use of cyber tools for purposes of damage and espionage is consistent with Iran’s asymmetric military strategy. “Just like proxy wars, the cyber domain permits Iran to mask its hand and involvement, as well as limit the potential for kinetic blowback and escalation,” he explained. “In this regard, Iran’s cyber wars have been successful, even if they invite Israel or other states to respond to Iranian aggression using The same or better cyber means.” Some experts have also asserted that Iran’s reignition of the quiet fight with Israel last month was in response to Israel’s frequent targeting of Iran-backed, Hezbollah assets in Syria. “(The cyber conflict) will not end anytime soon. The cyberattack that Iran launched on Israel's water infrastructure was a convenient and relatively low-risk way to retaliate against recent (presumed) Israeli strikes on Iranian targets in Syria,” added Heather Heldman, managing partner of Luminae Group and a former Middle East advisor at the US State Department. “Regardless of the fact that Iran's cyberattack failed to cause significant damage or disruption inside Israel, it gave the Iranian regime an opportunity to score points with its domestic audience and distract from the turmoil transpiring at home, which has intensified in the wake of Coronavirus and low oil prices.”
https://www.foxnews.com/entertainment/dakota-johnson-depression-quarantine|1 day ago|Dakota Johnson opens up about depression in quarantine|has been open in the past about battling depression for half of her life and she's now discussing how she's getting through it while self-isolating during the crisis. "You are at home, you're not with your friends, you're not with your family, you are not able to do the things that make you feel worthwhile or make you feel like you are doing something with your life or that you have a purpose," Johnson, 30, told Extra this week. "You're kind of in this costume of depression but not really sure if you feel that way," the "Fifty Shades of Grey" star told the . The actress went on to reflect on how a majority of the world is currently reeling from "immense pain and sadness" as a result of the . "It's hard to feel totally positive all day every day when the world is sad right now. There's only so much you can do to help yourself but even those little, little, tiny things like meditation or going for a walk or being kind to your body and your brain and yourself. It's those little things I think that make a bigger difference ultimately," she added. Johnson said she's currently "reading a lot" and watching . Johnson stars in the upcoming film “ ," in which she portrays a worn-out personal assistant to a superstar performer Grace Davis, played by . It's set to premiere on digital platforms on May 29 amid the pandemic, which pushed the film's theater release from its original date of May 8.
https://www.foxnews.com/health/indian-doctor-who-complained-about-coronavirus-ppe-committed-to-mental-institution-report-says|1 day ago|Indian doctor who complained about coronavirus PPE committed to mental institution, report says|A doctor in India who allegedly came under fire for raising concerns about a lack of personal protective equipment for health care workers treating patients at his government-run hospital has now been committed to a mental institution, Dr. Duhakar Rao, who was allegedly suspended after speaking to media about a lack of equipment, was reportedly detained while driving on a highway recently. “He’s a reputed doctor,” Kaveri Rao, the anesthetist’s mother, “But he has been facing abuse since the day he raised those concerns. I feel bad when people call me and ask about him. He has been very stressed for weeks.” The police maintain that Rao had been acting erratically and witnesses called to complain. They claim that when they arrived, he threw a liquor bottle and was acting rudely to police. No witnesses, however, have corroborated the account, He was reportedly taken from the local police station to a hospital, where it was advised that he be admitted to a mental institution. A hospital official purportedly told the news outlet that Rao seemed stable but is under observation for two weeks. Rao first made headlines when he claimed that the hospital he works at was requiring staff to wear the same protective gown and mask for two weeks before asking for new PPE. “How can we treat patients risking our lives?” he asked, according to local media. He was then suspended. According to the Associated Press, India designated more than 600 hospitals for COVID-19 patients and trained more than 1 million doctors and 1.7 million nurses to treat patients, according to its government. Authorities had attempted to divert suspected and confirmed patients to the designated hospitals, but several other hospitals reported outbreaks spread by patients who didn't know they had the virus. It wasn't until earlier this month that the government announced it would provide all health care workers with PPE. India has over 112,000 confirmed cases of COVID-19 and more than 3,430 deaths. The country of 1.3 billion began easing it's two-month-long lockdown last week, with the restarting of some train services, construction and the opening of more businesses.
https://www.foxnews.com/tech/nearly-half-tweeting-coronavirus-bots-researchers|1 day ago|Nearly half of accounts tweeting about coronavirus are bots, researchers say|Nearly half of the accounts spreading messages on the social media platform about the pandemic are likely bots, according to researchers. Carnegie Mellon University researchers said Wednesday that they had examined more than 200 million tweets discussing the virus since January and found that about 45 percent were sent by accounts that behave more like computerized robots than humans. "We're seeing up to two times as much bot activity as we'd predicted based on previous natural disasters, crises and elections," said Kathleen Carley, a professor in the School of Computer Science’s Institutre for Software Research, in a . Carley and her colleagues used a bot-hunter tool, which was able to flag accounts that tweet more than is humanly possible or claim to be in multiple countries within a few hours' period. In order to determine if an account is a bot, they also looked at a Twitter account's followers, how often it tweets and how frequently the user is mentioned on the platform. Although it's not known what individuals or groups are behind the bots, researchers said the tweets appeared aimed at sowing division in America. "We do know that it looks like it's a propaganda machine, and it definitely matches the Russian and Chinese playbooks, but it would take a tremendous amount of resources to substantiate that," said Carley, who is conducting a study into bot-generated coronavirus activity on Twitter that has yet to be published. Among the more than 100 false narratives about COVID-19 that are proliferating on Twitter thanks to accounts controlled by bots: conspiracy theories about hospitals filled with mannequins and conspiracy theories about a connection to 5G wireless towers. Both of these are false. If users are unsure about an account's authenticity, they should do their own research to the best of their ability, according to researchers. "Even if someone appears to be from your community, if you don't know them personally, take a closer look, and always go to authoritative or trusted sources for information," Carley said. "Just be very vigilant."
https://www.foxnews.com/politics/trump-hits-the-swing-states-even-with-campaign-battle-in-coronavirus-limbo|2 days ago|Trump hits the swing states, even with campaign battle in coronavirus limbo|arrived in on Thursday to tour a Ford Motor Company plant that’s producing ventilators for hospitals in the battle against Ford repurposed its manufacturing plant in Ypsilanti and teamed up with General Electric to quickly manufacture ventilators as well as personal protective equipment (PPE) used by health care workers and first responders on the front lines in the fight against the outbreak. The trip will be the latest stop on a tour kicked off earlier this month to thank businesses producing PPE and important medical equipment. He made similar stops at a medical equipment distributor last week and two weeks ago at a facility that is manufacturing surgical masks. "I want to thank you, because you're making America proud," Trump told the workers at the medical distribution company in Allenstown, Pa., last week. But the visits also help Trump spotlight his administration’s efforts steering the federal response to the coronavirus pandemic, which could boost public confidence in the job he’s doing combating the crisis. Further, the trips have allowed him to make stops – and grab plenty of local media attention – in some of the most crucial states in While the White House emphasizes that the visits are official in nature and that there’s absolutely “no involvement or coordination” with Trump’s reelection team, they do have some of the trappings of the Trump campaign rallies that the president seeks to soon resume. And that’s led critics to accuse the president of “wasting taxpayer dollars” as he visits crucial states he needs to carry to win reelection — even as the general election battle between him and presumptive Democratic nominee Joe Biden is still largely being waged in a series of virtual events. “These are official events fully executed from beginning to end by the White House with no involvement or coordination with the campaign,” deputy White House press secretary Judd Deere told Fox News. And communications director Tim Murtaugh emphasized that “Americans can see that President Trump is fighting to protect their safety and reopen the economy. He is doing his job as president and critics would complain if he didn’t go. They are the ones playing politics." At last week’s official event in Pennsylvania, the president walked to the stage as Lee Greenwood’s “God Bless The U.S.A.” blared, and departed to “You Can’t Always Get What You Want” by the Rolling Stones, two staples on the playlist at Trump campaign rallies. During his speech, the president took aim at and criticized the press covering the event, which further gave the feel of a campaign event. As the president drove from the airport to the event, hundreds of Trump supporters lined the streets of Allentown, waving flags and holding Trump 2020 signs. The campaign – while not coordinating with the White House – used top surrogates such Republican National Committee Chairwoman Ronna McDaniel to do local radio interviews ahead of the president’s trip. The Democratic National Committee (DNC) argues that Trump is playing politics with the coronavirus. "Throughout this pandemic, Trump has consistently put his political fortunes ahead of the lives and livelihoods of the American people. Wasting taxpayer dollars on swing state photo ops to boost his reelection as tens of thousands of small businesses still can't get loans and he refuses to allocate federal aid for states to pay police officers, firefighters, teachers and front line workers is a cynical low that voters will not forget,” DNC deputy war room director Daniel Wessel told Fox News. The DNC and the state parties have been bracketing the president’s trips with press calls with local political, health, business and labor leaders. While Trump’s visits grab the lion's share of attention, has also become a frequent flyer again in recent weeks. Over the past month, Pence has made official White House trips Virginia, Minnesota, Wisconsin and Iowa, all swing states in the general election. On Wednesday, the vice president is in Florida, the largest of the key battleground states. Trump is far from the first president running for reelection to be accused of using official White House trips for political purposes. “There are many advantages that incumbent presidents enjoy during an election cycle. Among them is the taxpayer-funded travel. Historically, presidential travel perceived to be more for campaigning than state business has received criticism by the president's opponents,” veteran political scientist Wayne Lesperance noted. To that point, former President Barack Obama dealt with the same perceptions during his travel. “This criticism is certainly not unique to President Trump; nor is it unique to one party or the other. In fact, criticizing a sitting president is a bipartisan practice leveled at whichever part is in the White House by whichever party seeks to retake the Office of the Presidency,” added Lesperance, vice president of academic affairs at New England College. But Trump has faced criticism that he’s gone beyond what past presidents have done in blurring the lines between official and political events. Lesperance pointed out that Trump’s travels come as many governors are still enforcing stay-at-home restrictions in order to prevent the spread of the coronavirus. “What's different with President Trump is his travel comes in a time of a global pandemic when governors and mayors across the country are trying to encourage stay home, stay safe orders along with other protective measures,” he said.
https://video.foxnews.com/v/6158341768001/|__clean_error__|__clean_error__|
https://video.foxnews.com/v/6158352799001/|__clean_error__|__clean_error__|
https://www.foxnews.com/politics/south-dakota-governor-appeals-to-white-house-for-help-in-ending-checkpoint-showdown-with-tribes|1 day ago|South Dakota governor appeals to White House for help in ending checkpoint showdown with tribes|South Dakota Gov. has turned to the White House in an attempt to resolve a stalemate between the over COVID-19 checkpoints on state and federal highways. Noem sent a letter on Thursday to President Trump arguing that Cheyenne River and Oglala Sioux Tribes are operating “unlawful tribal checkpoints” and requesting that the Department of Justice step in. “We've been working for weeks to find a solution to the tribal checkpoints issue that respects both tribal and state sovereignty while following federal law,” Noem tweeted on Wednesday. “Unfortunately, the tribes have continued to operate checkpoints on State and US highways.” The tribes set up the checkpoints last month to keep uninvited visitors off the reservations and limit the number of cars that pass through in an attempt to stop the spread of coronavirus, the reported. The virus had infected nearly 4,100 people in South Dakota as of May 19, according to tribal leaders, and that includes about 260 Native Americans, according to the . Earlier this month, Noem threatened to sue the Cheyenne River Sioux Tribe and the Oglala Sioux Tribe if they did not remove highway stops within 48 hours. She backed away from that plan last week, offering to negotiate on the issue if they would take the checkpoints off of U.S. and state highways. “I know there are questions out there about respecting (tribal) sovereignty,” Noem said Wednesday. But she contends the checkpoints cannot legally be on those highways. Harold Frazier, the chairman of the Cheyenne River Sioux Tribe, told Noem in a letter last week that the tribe would consider her request to restrict checkpoints to tribal roads. But he made it clear that he believes the tribe’s sovereignty allows it to operate checkpoints anywhere on the Cheyenne River Indian Reservation, in northern South Dakota. He said the checkpoints are essential to protecting the health of the people on the reservation. “This is our home and this is our land,” Frazier said. “One does not come into somebody’s house and tell them how to live.” The tribes have criticized the governor for not issuing sweeping stay-at-home orders to prevent the spread of the coronavirus. Amid concerns that Native Americans could be particularly vulnerable to the disease, tribes across the country have monitored their borders and mandated testing for all members. Frazier said mass-testing is the kind of help he would welcome from the state, but as of earlier this month the tribe only has 18 test kits, sparking concerns that the virus could already be spreading undetected on the reservation.
https://www.foxnews.com/media/sarah-sanders-president-trump-should-be-blasting-voter-fraud-dont-forget-democrats-delegitimize-2016|1 day ago|Sarah Sanders says Trump should be pushing for fair election after Democrats tried to 'delegitimize' the 2016 results|Former White House press secretary Sarah Sanders said on Thursday that is making the right move to amid the coronavirus pandemic, arguing that it was Democrats who tried to “delegitimize” the results of the 2016 election. “These are unprecedented times and, certainly, there are going to be unprecedented measures that have to take place in order for people to be able to cast their ballot. At the same time, the president wants to make sure that we’re holding up the integrity of the election,” Sanders told “ .” Sanders said that there is much more opportunity for fraud when there are not as many “checks and balances” as available in an “in-person voting” process. “The president simply wants to make sure we’re protecting the integrity of the election,” Sanders said. With the less than six months out and recent polling indicating flagging support for the president, on Wednesday turned up the volume in his full-court press against the moves by some states to make voting by mail easier due to health concerns. But the president’s attacks on Twitter against two crucial battleground states saw return fire, as top Democrats hit back against Trump’s repeated claims the past couple of months that an increase in balloting by mail will lead to a spike in voter fraud. The war of words was ignited early in the day as the president lashed out, tweeting, "Breaking: Michigan sends absentee ballots to 7.7 million people ahead of Primaries and the General Election. This was done illegally and without authorization by a rogue Secretary of State. I will ask to hold up funding to Michigan if they want to go down this Voter Fraud path!" But Trump mischaracterized the move made a day earlier, when Michigan’s secretary of state announced that absentee ballot applications would be sent to all of the state’s registered voters. Hours later the president’s original tweet was deleted and replaced by a new tweet that said “absentee ballot applications” without mentioning his earlier mistake. Sanders went on to say, “Let’s not forget that people came after the 2016 presidential election to take it away from him. They tried to delegitimize his very solid win and say that he was not the rightful winner and tried to create this whole illusion of the Russian hoax. There’s no question that the president should be focused on making sure nothing like that happens again, that our election security is protected and that we limit fraud as much as humanly possible.” Michigan is one of three so-called "Rust Belt" states – along with Pennsylvania and Wisconsin – that the Democrats had carried in presidential elections for a quarter-century until Trump narrowly flipped them from blue to red in 2016. Recent polling in the state – including a Fox News survey – indicate presumptive Democratic presidential nominee Joe Biden has an advantage over Trump. Michigan changed its rules two years ago to allow anyone to vote by absentee ballot without an excuse, which helped boost absentee balloting in the March presidential primary from 18 percent four years ago to 38 percent this year. The state holds its non-presidential primary on Aug. 4, and then votes again for the general election in November. Sending applications for an absentee ballot is different than sending ballots directly to all registered voters. Republican National Committee Chairwoman Ronna McDaniel, speaking to reporters on Monday, said that “I don’t really have an issue with absentee ballot request forms being sent out to voters as much as ballots being sent directly to voters. I think the request form is one mechanism of ensuring that that voter is who they are.”
https://www.foxnews.com/auto/driver-202-mph-social-media-video|1 day ago|Cops trying to catch driver seen going 202 mph in social media video|Police are trying to find a driver who filmed himself driving 202 mph on an empty highway while the country remains under quarantine restrictions due to the coronavirus pandemic. Video shot by the driver that was posted to social media shows him steering the with one hand as he pulls onto the M23 south of Crawley, , and accelerating past what few cars are on the road up to the triple-digit speed. The high-performance wagon cost over $100,000 when new and came from the factory with a turbocharged V8 ranging in power from 553 hp to 597 hp and capable of reaching 190 mph, but is often modified to break 200 mph. "We have been made aware of this video and inquiries are ongoing to identify the driver,” a police spokesperson told . It is not clear when the video was shot. Like many countries, including the U.S., the U.K has seen a rise in very high-speed incidents due to the reduction in traffic caused by stay-at-home orders put in place to help stem the spread of the coronavirus.
https://video.foxnews.com/v/6158347395001/|__clean_error__|__clean_error__|
https://www.foxnews.com/health/babies-born-to-moms-with-coronavirus-should-be-tested-cdc|1 day ago|Babies born to moms with coronavirus should be tested for COVID-19, CDC guidelines say|Heads up, expectant women: If you have tested positive for you baby should also be tested for the novel virus shortly after birth, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) “Testing is recommended for all neonates born to women with confirmed or suspected COVID-19, regardless of whether there are signs of infection in the neonate,” the federal health agency said in the guidelines released Wednesday. Though information is limited at this time, the CDC warned that infants less than a year old “may be at higher risk for severe illness from COVID-19 compared with older children.” Some infants infected with SARS-CoV-2, the novel virus that causes COVID-19, have shown signs of the virus that include fever, lethargy, cough, vomiting, and diarrhea, as well as “increased work of breathing” and “feeding intolerance or decreased intake,” as per the federal health agency. “The extent to which SARS-CoV-2 infection contributed to the reported signs of infection and complications is unclear, as many of these findings can also be seen commonly in term and preterm infants for other reasons (e.g., transient tachypnea of the newborn or neonatal respiratory distress syndrome),” the CDC said, noting that reports show some infants infected with COVID-19 “had asymptomatic or mild disease and recovered without complication.” However, “severe disease requiring mechanical ventilation has been reported in COVID-19 positive neonates,” the CDC warned. The agency advised all newborns — regardless if they are symptomatic or not — who are born to moms with a “confirmed or suspected” case of COVID-19 should be tested at 24 hours of age. Testing is recommended even if the mother is not showing symptoms of an infection. “If initial test results are negative, or not available, testing should be repeated at 48 hours of age,” the agency advised. Meanwhile, for asymptomatic newborns who are expected to be discharged from the hospital within 48 hours, “a single test can be performed prior to discharge, between 24-48 hours of age.” If feasible, CDC officials also advised that a newborn should be temporarily separated from its mother if she has a confirmed or suspected case of the virus in an effort to lower the risk of transmission to the child. “Efforts are underway to address the knowledge gap of transmission between mother and neonate during pregnancy, delivery and in the postpartum period, and recommendations will be updated as new information informing the risk-benefit of maternal-infant separation is available,” the CDC said, though it noted babies who contract the virus are likely exposed to infectious respiratory droplets from their mothers, caregivers, visitors, or health care personnel with COVID-19 after birth.
https://www.foxnews.com/entertainment/kate-upton-fitness-quarantine|1 day ago|Kate Upton has worked out almost every day of quarantine, says trainer|is still keeping up her fitness routine despite being quarantined for the last few months. The has worked out virtually the last "52 out of the last 58 days from her living room," according to her personal trainer, Ben Bruno. "This is so awesome. @kateupton does 11 reverse lunges per leg with a 53 pound (24 kilogram) kettlebell, with great form. That’s some real work!" he wrote alongside an Instagram video of the cover star getting a sweat in. "Kate and I are on opposite sides of the country, but we’ve been training remotely through Facetime and she’s trained 52 out of the last 58 days from her living room. She has three kettlebells, a band, and a stability ball — that’s it — but we’ve managed to do 52 great workouts and keep getting stronger and more fit," Bruno added. "I love her attitude about training. Whenever I give her the option to keep the weight the same or go up, she always chooses to go up," the fitness professional complimented. Upton incorporates her 18-month-old daughter, , into her workouts. "My baby girl is my favorite addition to my @strong4mefit workouts," she captioned a video showcasing how she holds the baby while lunging. Upton and her MLB star husband, , welcomed Genevieve in November 2018. The couple began dating in 2014 and married in 2017 in Italy. To help during the pandemic, the star said that he will be donating his paychecks to charities helping with relief efforts during baseball’s shutdown. Verlander and Upton made the announcement in an . The pair said they would hand-pick a charity each week and highlight its work. “Obviously, this is an extremely difficult time for the entire world,” Verlander said. “There’s so many people that are in need, whether it’s those in the front lines battling this disease head on or someone who’s at home and has lost their job and needs to provide basic necessities, such as food and water. We have decided to donate that paycheck."
https://www.foxnews.com/sports/steelers-james-conner-playing-coronavirus-pandemic-cancer-survivor-coronavirus|1 day ago|Steelers' James Conner on playing during coronavirus pandemic as cancer survivor: 'Nothing I'm concerned about'|running back James Conner said Tuesday he’s not concerned when it comes to playing football as a cancer survivor in the wake of the coronavirus pandemic. After being diagnosed with Hodgkin lymphoma and having to undergo chemotherapy treatments while in his junior year at the , Conner says that his present-day health concerns aren’t any greater than the next player’s. “Honestly, it truly doesn’t,” Conner told when asked if the virus has heightened his concerns. “I am so far removed from [cancer treatments] — I am going on four years now — so just talking with my doctor, I have great relationship with him, Dr. [Stanley] Marks, he said, ‘You don’t have anything to worry about as far your immune system or any of that.’ I am far removed, and our bodies are constantly healing and changing. So I have no concerns with that,” Conner . While he’s still following standard social-distancing guidelines just like everyone else, Conner said “as far as my health history, there’s nothing I'm concerned about.” He clarified that while he understands the measures the medical community is advising at-risk players to adhere to, these are day-to-day things that he’s long been exposed to in his NFL career. “I’ve been playing football and having everyone together in that atmosphere, our bodies get immune to it. We’re going to keep it safe,” said Conner, who was drafted by the Steelers in 2017. “Honestly, I don’t want to downplay (precautions being taken) and have people think I don’t think it’s an issue or anything. I just believe we’re just going to keep doing what we’re doing and think that our bodies are meant to go through things and overcome it and just get immune to things such as that.”
https://www.foxnews.com/health/going-to-the-pool-this-summer-expect-these-changes-suggested-by-the-cdc|1 day ago|Coronavirus prompts CDC to issue new pool guidelines as summer approaches|Relaxing poolside this summer? Be sure to make room for face masks and hand sanitizer alongside your goggles and sunblock, federal health officials now advise. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) recently for those operating public pools, hot tubs, and water playgrounds amid the pandemic. Decisions on implementing the considerations, however, "should be made locally" and "in collaboration with local health officials," the CDC wrote. The federal agency there is no evidence the virus causing COVID-19 can spread to others through the water in pools, hot tubs, or other water play areas. Even so, crowds at public pools do pose a risk of infection. Therefore, all pool-goers should maintain adequate hand hygiene, cover coughs and sneezes, adhere to social distancing guidelines, and wear cloth face-coverings, the CDC advises. While pool visitors should wear face coverings, it's important to note that the CDC advised against wearing cloth face coverings in the water because they can cause breathing difficulties when wet. Swimmers might also hear regular announcements over the PA system and see posted signs advising safety around the virus. Public pools that choose to open this summer should disinfect high-touch surfaces — such as lounge chairs, pool noodles, and kickboards — on a daily basis, per the CDC. Pool-goers can also anticipate pool chairs to be spaced apart in an effort to comply with social-distancing measures. Those in the water also should not expect to swim in close proximity with friends, the federal agency says, and bathroom breaks could be scheduled in staggered uses, too. Find additional pool safety guidelines from the CDC .
https://www.foxnews.com/politics/klobuchar-moran-introduce-bill-to-protect-senior-citizens-from-scams-fraud-amid-coronavirus|1 day ago|Klobuchar, Moran introduce bill to protect senior citizens from scams, fraud amid coronavirus|Sens. Amy Klobuchar and Jerry Moran introduced a bipartisan measure Thursday that would protect from scams during the coronavirus pandemic, Fox News has learned. The bill, titled “The Protecting Seniors from Emergency Scams Act,” which the senators are expected to roll out on Thursday, would direct the Federal Trade Commission to report to Congress on scams during the coronavirus pandemic and make recommendations on how to prevent future scams during emergencies. The bill also directs the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) to update its website with information to help seniors and their caregivers to access contacts for law enforcement and adult protective agency. Under the legislation, the FTC would coordinate with the media to distribute the information in an effort to ensure seniors and their caregivers are informed. “We must ensure that seniors are not being taken advantage of during the coronavirus pandemic. All Americans deserve safety and dignity in their senior years, yet new fraudulent schemes designed to target seniors appear almost daily,” Klobuchar, D-Minn., in a statement to Fox News. “This bipartisan legislation will help protect seniors from fraud during this public health crisis and help prevent emergency-related scams in the future.” Moran, in a statement to Fox News, said that each year, “scam artists” targeting senior citizens result in financial losses between $2 billion and $12 billion. “Now, during the COVID-19 pandemic, these scammers are using fear and uncertainty to take advantage of our vulnerable populations,” Moran, R-Kansas, said. Klobuchar’s office told Fox News Thursday that the legislation has been endorsed by AARP, the Elder Justice Coalition, the American Society on Aging, and the National Adult Protective Services Association. They also said that the senator, and former 2020 Democratic presidential candidate “has been a leader in the fight to protect consumers from fraud and support seniors during the coronavirus pandemic." Earlier this year, Klobuchar and Moran led a bipartisan group of senators in urging FTC Chairman Joseph Simons to protect seniors from coronavirus-related scams, better inform consumers about the scams, and assist victims in understanding their recourse options to protect seniors from those attempting to financially exploit them during the pandemic. Klobuchar also, earlier this month, in coordination with Sen. Elizabeth Warren, D-Mass., further expressed concerns to Simon about the increase in scams targeting small businesses. Meanwhile, last year the Justice Department announced its largest-ever nationwide crackdown on schemes that “prey upon our senior citizens,.” Last year, the Justice Department, in a joint effort with the FBI, announced it charged more than 225 individuals in connection with fraudulent schemes targeting Americans ages 60 and older, which collected more than three-quarters of a billion dollars and involved more than 2 million victims. Meanwhile, the (CDC) statistics show more than 80 percent of those dying of the virus are over 65 years old. The CDC on its reports 68,998 total deaths in the U.S. as of May 16, with 55,651 of those deaths, or 80.6 percent, covering people over 65 years old. The CDC's official count is lower than the actual number of American coronavirus deaths, which is now upward of 90,000, "because of the lag in time between when the death occurred and when the death certificate is completed, submitted to NCHS and processed for reporting purposes." The agency's reporting underscores prior warnings that the coronavirus generally hits the elderly the hardest.
https://www.foxnews.com/us/hawaii-re-arrests-47-inmates-coronavirus|1 day ago|Hawaii re-arrests 47 inmates released earlier because of coronavirus fears|Their temporary freedom didn’t last long. Police in Honolulu say they have re-arrested 47 people who had been let out of jail in recent weeks amid fears of a potential outbreak in correctional facilities. Prosecutor Dwight Nadamoto says those sprung from jail under court orders included violent offenders, such as one that allegedly attacked a 74-year-old man with a golf club and another that allegedly went after a victim with a sword, the reported. Other cases included an inmate convicted of sexually assaulting a victim under 14 years old. “All these people were released due to COVID,” Nadamoto was quoted by the newspaper as telling Hawaii state lawmakers Wednesday. “The motion (to release) said COVID, the order said COVID.” And despite the coronavirus being a motivating factor in securing their release, there has yet to be a confirmed case of it within Hawaii’s prison system, according to the Honolulu Star-Advertiser. The newspaper, citing a judge, reports that 503 prisoners overall were released in Hawaii by April 28. It is not immediately clear, however, what convictions or charges the 47 newly arrested ones have or are facing.
https://www.foxnews.com/science/france-sell-mona-lisa-billion-euros-coronavirus-tech|2 days ago|France should sell Mona Lisa to cover coronavirus economic damage, tech CEO says|A tech CEO suggested France sell one of its most prized possessions -- Leonardo da Vinci's 500-year-old masterpiece the Mona Lisa -- to make up for economic damage from the . Stephane Distinguin, the founder of tech company Fabernovel, made the statement in a recent magazine interview, saying the European country, which is suffering its sharpest economic contraction since 1949, should “sell the family jewellery” for at least 50 billion euros. “Day after day, we list the billions engulfed in this slump like children counting the fall of a stone into a well to measure its depth,” Distinguin told Usbek & Rica Magazine, The Independent. “We are still counting, and this crisis seems unfathomable.” The famous Italian Renaissance , seen by about 6 million visitors per year, has been housed at the Louvre Museum in Paris since 1797. “As an entrepreneur and a taxpayer, I know that these billions are not invented and that they will necessarily cost us. An obvious reflex is to sell off a valuable asset at the highest price possible, but one that is the least critical as possible to our future," he said. He explained to the magazine: “A painting is easy to move and therefore to hand over. And we have a lot of paintings. … In 2020, we have to get the money where it is. So sell family jewellery … The price is the crux of the matter and the main subject of controversy. The price has to be insane for the operation to make sense. I estimate that it would take no less than €50billion to acquire the Mona Lisa. I was told that my estimate was very overvalued, even far-fetched, but each time without real arguments.” Distinguin also suggested that the Mona Lisa could be “tokenized" with a form of crypto-currency, allowing the painting to be easily exchanged between nations. “It would be like a big global subscription,” he said. “Legally and technically, this solution would have many advantages: It would allow France and the Louvre to keep control of the painting. One can even imagine that this ploy would garner the assent of the great Leonardo da Vinci, he who painted but also mastered all the sciences and technologies of his time.” Fox News reached out to the Louvre and received the following response from Sophie Grange, director of communication for the renowned museum: "No, the Musée du Louvre won’t comment [on] this story." As of Wednesday afternoon, there were more than 1.5 million infections and at least 92,387 deaths from the virus in the United States.
https://www.foxnews.com/us/michigan-barbers-hairdressers-free-haircuts-defy-whitmer-coronavirus-shutdown|1 day ago|Michigan barbers, hairdressers give free haircuts at Capitol in defiance of Whitmer’s coronavirus shutdown|Hundreds of protesters joined barbers and hairdressers giving free haircuts outside the Capitol Wednesday in defiance of “stay-at-home” order. The demonstration, organized by the Michigan Conservative Coalition and dubbed “Operation Haircut,” attracted about 300 people who opposed the measures Whitmer imposed to slow the spread of COVID-19. “I will not stand down,” declared Karl Manke, a 77-year-old barber who was among about a dozen groomers offering free haircuts at the demonstration. Manke gained national recognition after reopening his shop in Owosso earlier this month. He was cited twice and had his license suspended by regulators last week after refusing to close. Seven barbers or hairdressers were cited for disorderly conduct after refusing to stop cutting hair at the demonstration, . The cases were referred to the state attorney general. The penalty is a misdemeanor punishable by up to 90 days in jail, a $500 fine or both. Angela Rigas, of Caledonia, said she was ticketed after refusing three times to stop cutting hair. “We're all here for the same reason today — to show the governor that our rights do not come from her and that we need to open Michigan. People need to get back to work,” she said. Manke that he was keeping his business open despite the potential consequences. "I'm 77 years old. I mean, what are they going to give me? Life?" he asked. "I've got one foot in the grave and the other on a banana peel. I [couldn't] care less." Whitmer has defended the business restrictions as an important way to stop the virus despite facing mounting criticism, including and . During a visit to Midland , Whitmer told reporters Wednesday that she understands the protesters' frustration. “But the more people moving about and flouting the law, the harder it’s going to be turn the dial and take the next step. ... In the midst of a global pandemic, what I ask is that people do so in a way that does not expose themselves or others to a prolonged public health crisis," she said. Michigan has reported at least 53,009 confirmed coronavirus cases and 5,060 deaths as of Wednesday, .
https://www.foxnews.com/world/mexico-14-healthcare-workers-nurses-virtual-kidnappin-extortion-coronavirus|1 day ago|Mexican nurses on coronavirus front lines targeted in 'virtual kidnapping,' extortion plot: officials|Fourteen health care workers who had come to suffered a so-called “ ” last week, forcing authorities to respond to the hotels where they were staying in order to ensure their safety, Mexican officials said Wednesday. The nurses employed by the Mexican Social Security Institute had recently arrived from the city of Monterrey, the capital of the northeastern Mexican state of Nuevo León, to help tackle the pandemic, Spanish newspaper El País reported. They were staying at two hotels – Ambos Mundos and el Bonn – both in the popular Tacubaya neighborhood in central Mexico City, the worst-hit part of the country. That’s when the health care workers began receiving phone and video calls threatening that they would be kidnapped or attacked if they left the building. The callers claimed to have access to the hotels’ security cameras to track their movement. They then called the nurses’ relatives to “inform them that they were holding their family members and if they didn't deposit a certain quantity of money, would do them [to] harm," according to a statement from the Mexico City prosecutor’s office. Mexico City Police and the Mexican National Guard responded to two hotels after receiving tips about an ongoing extortion plot, Spanish newspaper reported. Authorities tracked the calls back to a local prison. The city prosecutor’s office (FGJ) said it was “a crime of extortion and not kidnapping" which involved making the victims believe that they were in danger and had to follow instructions over the phone. According to El País, panic and deception then took care of the rest, but the nurses were never physically prevented from leaving. Mexico City, with about 9 million residents, has recorded the most infections and deaths in the country. Last week's incident is just one of several threats and attacks reported against health care workers who have come to the capital to serve on the front lines of the crisis, as many fear medical professionals are spreading the contagion. Mexico’s Health Ministry said Tuesday that about 20 percent of the more than 54,300 confirmed infections in Mexico involve health workers. Mexican President Andrés Manuel López Obrador has received criticism over a lack of widespread testing among the general public, and critics fear the actual death toll and case count have gone drastically underreported. Only about 150,000 have been carried out so far in a nation of about 125 million people, according to the Associated Press. In a new report published Monday, anti-corruption group Mexicans Against Corruption said a registry of death certificates in Mexico City suggests there were 4,577 cases where doctors mentioned coronavirus or COVID-19 as a possible or probable cause of death. That’s more than three times the official death toll in the city. By Monday, the federal government had acknowledged only 1,332 confirmed deaths in Mexico City since the pandemic began, less than a third as many as the investigation revealed.
https://www.foxnews.com/media/federalist-david-marcus-says-new-york-city-dying-businesses-need-reopen|1 day ago|Federalist writer Marcus calls out Cuomo, de Blasio: New York City 'is dying,' it must reopen|David Marcus, the author of an op-ed calling for an urgent reopening of New York City’s economy, appeared on “America’s Newsroom” Tuesday to explain why businesses need to after waiting two months for the curve of cases to flatten. “Our small businesses are being absolutely destroyed and I think that, at a certain point, they’re going to just have to open and then, at that point, if the government and mayor want to shut them down then they’re going to have to try," The Federalist contributor told " ." In a New York Post that was featured on the newspaper's cover, Marcus wrote: "Last Friday morning, some 3,500 New Yorkers lined up at a Catholic church in Queens to receive free food hours before it even opened, ­according to the New York Police Department. Catholic Charities has reported a 200 percent increase in demand over the past month and a half." Marcus went on to say, "By prolonging the coronavirus shutdown long after its core mission was accomplished, Gov. Andrew Cuomo and Mayor Bill de Blasio have plunged tens of thousands of New Yorkers into poverty. "It needs to end. Now," Marcus says. Marcus said that, in addition to New York residents struggling to buy food and pay rent, there is a medical toll from people putting off treatment or other things like cancer screenings. “A whole lot of medical services are going by the wayside that are also going to kill people, so I understand that the governor does not want to make any more mistakes than he’s already made but we need to get back to business because the city is dying.” New York state had reported more than 354,000 confirmed coronavirus cases and nearly 23,000 deaths as of Tuesday evening. More than 194,500 cases and 14,800 deaths occurred in New York City.
https://www.foxnews.com/health/britain-orders-10m-coronavirus-antibody-tests|1 day ago|Britain orders 10M coronavirus antibody tests|Britain will buy 10 million antibody tests from two major health care companies and begin administering them to health care workers as early as next week, officials said on Thursday. The tests, produced by Roche and Abbott, will be produced over the next several months, “We have signed contracts to supply in the coming months over 10 million tests from Roche and Abbott,” health minister Matt Hancock said, according to Reuters. “From next week, we will begin rolling these out in a phased way; at first, to health and care staff, patients and residents.” The move comes after the British government in March spent $20 million on two million antibody test kits that were produced in China, and were later found to be defunct, At the time, Prime Minister Boris Johnson would be “as simple as a pregnancy test,” and had the “potential to be a total gamechanger.” The mad dash to develop and obtain coronavirus antibody tests, also known as serology tests, came after officials said it would be key in determining who could safely return to work, and when they could begin reopening economies. However, it is now not clear if testing positive for coronavirus antibodies translates to permanent immunity. The tests typically consist of a finger prick, and the blood is then analyzed for IgM and IgG antibodies to signal if you have been exposed to the SARS-CoV-2 virus, which causes COVID-19. The test is not a diagnostic tool for coronavirus, but rather to test for prior exposure to COVID-19. Researchers believe the test will help better determine how widespread the virus is, and help better determine the lethality and seriousness of the illness. Those who test positive for antibodies are also encouraged to donate convalescent plasma to help treat patients most severely sickened by the illness.
https://www.foxnews.com/politics/trump-says-g-7-will-most-likely-happen-at-white-house-despite-coronavirus-concerns|1 day ago|Trump says G7 likely to be held at White House despite coronavirus concerns|Just a day after hinting that he wants to revive the scrapped G7 summit this summer, said Thursday that the global conference most likely will be held at the White House -- with the possibility of part of it taking place at Camp David. Speaking to reporters before heading on a trip to Michigan, Trump said the meeting will be "probably at the White House and maybe a little bit at Camp David, but primarily at the White House." Trump on Wednesday first tweeted that he was considering rescheduling the June Group of Seven (G7) summit -- which was initially canceled amid the -- on or around the same time as initially planned. “Now that our Country is ‘Transitioning back to Greatness’, I am considering rescheduling the G-7, on the same or similar date, in Washington, D.C., at the legendary Camp David,” Trump tweeted. “The other members are also beginning their COMEBACK. It would be a great sign to all - normalization!” The White House announced in March that, due to the coronavirus pandemic, the June meeting of the seven major industrial nations -- Britain, Canada, France, Germany, Italy, and Japan along with the U.S. -- would be held by video conference instead of at Camp David, the presidential retreat in the mountains of rural Maryland. But Trump for weeks has been pushing for economies to reopen and for life to get back to normal after months of lockdowns and extreme social distancing practices to slow the spread of the highly contagious virus -- measures that have devastated the economy. Formal White House preparations for the meeting were halted two months ago when the summit was called off. And the Trump administration has maintained travel restrictions and quarantine requirements for travelers from Europe, home to four of the G7 nations. And earlier this week, the U.S. and Canada agreed to keep their shared border closed to nonessential travel through June 21. The District of Columbia remains under stay-at-home orders at least through June 8, though Maryland began relaxing the restrictions last week. At the same time, leaders of the G7 member nations are in some cases still grappling with the virus in their own countries or are in various states of reopening their economies. But the subject of continuing to hold the meeting was discussed on a call between Trump and French President Emmanuel Macron on Wednesday morning, a White House official said. If the summit happens, the U.S. would request that delegations be pared back to minimum personnel and would curtail nonessential events like the spousal program. A final decision would be needed in the coming days to ensure adequate time to prepare for the high-level meeting, the official said. Macron’s office said in a statement that “given the importance of the G7 in the response to the crisis, the President is willing to go to Camp David, if the health conditions allow it.” “Whatever form the G7 meeting takes, whether it’s a video conference or otherwise, I will definitely fight for multi-lateralism, that’s very clear, both in the G7 and the G20," said German Chancellor Angela Merkel. Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau called it an interesting idea, but said leaders need a lot more details. He said it’s important G7 leaders meet in June so they can discuss the pandemic and restoring economic activity. “We need to keep meeting as leaders. Whether that’s virtual or in person, we will certainly take a look at what the U.S. is proposing as host of the G7 to see what kind of measures will be in place to keep people safe, what kind of recommendations the experts are giving in terms of how that might function,” Trudeau said. The U.S. holds the G7's rotating presidency this year and gets to determine where the meeting is held and set the agenda. Trump originally planned to hold the annual summit at his private golf course near Miami. But he switched the venue to Camp David, which he visited last weekend and which is run by the U.S. military, after a public outcry over holding it at one of his money-making properties.
https://www.foxnews.com/media/michigan-barber-defied-stay-home-order|1 day ago|Michigan barber who defied stay-at-home order: 'I'm opening up, I won't stand down'|A barber who defied stay-at-home orders from stated Thursday that he remains rooted in his convictions. In an interview on with hosts Jillian Mele and Rob Schmitt, Karl Manke said he's not sure what will happen next. A Shiawassee County Circuit Court by 5 p.m. EDT Thursday whether or not Manke's Owosso should be shut down. "I hope that there's a certain amount of sanity that will prevail," he remarked. "But, so far ... this governor, we've had nothing but trouble with her. The legislatures had this part of this position that she's taken to shut us down for ... And, she has defied their order." "And as far as I'm concerned, I'm opening up," added Manke. "I have a livelihood. I have a that I have to protect. I have clients [who] rely on me. And I'm going to continue on. I'm not going to stand down." "I'm 77 years old. I mean, what are they going to give me? Life?" he asked. "I've got one foot in the grave and the other on a banana peel. I [couldn't] care less." , Manke – who attended a protest at the state Capitol in Lansing on Wednesday – was given a ticket for violating Whitmer's order on May 6 and charged with a misdemeanor. His shop stayed open, but a week later he was notified that the Michigan Department of Licensing and Regulatory Affairs had Manke reportedly closed his shop at that time. The pandemic and shutdown orders have also thrust the country into an unprecedented , with filed since March. Like Manke, businesses that have been open for decades – institutions that reveal the soul of America – are closed. And some, for good. "Well, my business is my livelihood. This is my life. I've been doing this for nearly 60 years. You know, I've been a barber in this community since 1961," he told the "Friends First" hosts. "You know, and right now as far as I'm concerned, I want to send out a message to the other barbers, the other beauticians, massage therapists to stand up, to open up, and show up in this state. We need to get back to business. We need to get back to our lives," Manke asserted. "What am I going to do: live in fear all my life? I can't do that," he concluded. Although both COVID-19 and the flu are respiratory illnesses, research thus far indicates that coronavirus spreads far more easily and has a higher death rate than the flu. According to , a recent paper published in the journal JAMA Internal Medicine found that the United States had 20 times more deaths per week from COVID-19 than from the flu in the deadliest week of an average influenza season. While some locations like Bay Area have others reopening early – like – saw upon loosening restrictions. The United States is hurtling toward a projected death toll of 100,000 people. The count now stands at over 93,000 people.
https://www.foxnews.com/world/china-starts-delayed-congress-with-dig-at-us-as-xi-refuses-to-wear-a-mask|1 day ago|China starts delayed congress, with dig at US — as Xi refuses to wear a mask|President Xi Jinping on Thursday kicked off his country's most important political event of the year with a silent tribute to victims of — one he made without wearing a mask. Rank-and-file members of the Chinese Community Party who gathered inside the Great Hall of the People in Beijing also claimed victory over the deadly contagion even though millions of people in the country are currently at risk of being forced back into lockdown after a growing group of triggered a backslide in the nation's push to return to normal. Most of those in attendance at the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference sat shoulder-to-shoulder and wore masks. Xi and Prime Minister Le Keqiang did not. Some people believe Xi's mask-less move, as well as comments made at the conference about China being a "responsible major country," was a dig at the United States, which has repeatedly faulted the Asian country for its handling of COVID-19. The U.S. has also claimed Beijing was deliberately deceptive when initially reporting on cases that surfaced in Wuhan, the epicenter of the worldwide crisis, late last year. Thursday's opening of the annual session of the CPPCC took place two months after it was first scheduled due to the coronavirus pandemic. In his report to more than 2,000 delegates in attendance, Chair Wang Yang said conference members would "tell the world about how China, as a responsible major country, has taken firm action and contributed to international cooperation in the fight against the COVID-19 epidemic." Thursday's session will be followed Friday by the opening of the National People's Congress, the ceremonial parliament. Premier Li Keqiang is set to deliver the keynote speech outlining economic and social goals for the year. It's unclear whether Li will issue the usual gross domestic product growth target for the world's second-largest economy. Given the absolute economic devastation caused by the pandemic, the targeted GDP will likely be much lower than last year's 6.0 percent to 6.5 percent. Tens of millions of Chinese have been thrown out of work and it’s unclear how many jobs will return after the crisis passes. Not only have domestic production and demand been hammered, but China’s key export markets, such as the United States and Europe, have also suffered massive job losses and drops in consumption. This year’s meeting of the two bodies is being shortened to one week from the usual two as part of virus-control measures. Media access has also been largely reduced and only a limited number of reporters, diplomats and observers were permitted into the meeting hall. Backed by massive state propaganda support, Xi has received plaudits at home for having contained the virus, even while the U.S. and others question China’s handling of the initial outbreak. The Chinese public is also largely seen as backing Xi in his confrontational approach to foreign policy challenges, including criticisms from the U.S., Australia and others. Abroad, however, that policy has further bolstered concerns about China’s intentions, and the Trump administration has increasingly pressed China over trade, technology and other issues. That may ultimately add to Xi’s difficulties in reviving economic growth and jobs at a time when global markets are partly shut and skepticism toward China runs high.
https://video.foxnews.com/v/6158317827001/|__clean_error__|__clean_error__|
https://www.foxnews.com/entertainment/the-batman-zoe-kravitz-concerns-returning-work-coronavirus-pandemic|1 day ago|'The Batman' star Zoe Kravitz shares concerns about returning to work amid the coronavirus pandemic|shared her thoughts on the and her concerns about returning to work on “ .” The actress stars as Catwoman alongside Robert Pattinson in Matt Reeves’ upcoming take on the iconic comic book superhero. The film was in the middle of shooting when production came to a halt in March, as lockdown orders were put in place. Speaking to about the challenges the film industry will face in a post-pandemic world, Kravitz explained that she’s excited to return to work on the comic book film, but noted that she has her concerns about going back safely. She explained that she’s “hoping to wake up every day to an email or a phone call saying, ‘We’re ready to go.’” She added: “I’m in touch with everybody, and everyone’s ready to go when it’s safe.” Unfortunately, the actress says that the kind of work she’s doing on “The Batman” is the exact kind that doesn’t necessarily lend itself well to social distancing guidelines. “You have people just touching your face, touching your body all day long,” she said. “I need help getting into the catsuit. I can’t do it on my own. I was probably touched more than any job, just because of the clothes and the combat and all of that.” Fortunately for Kravitz, it seems the studio isn’t in any rush to get the film back into production now that it has a little leeway with the release date. Warner Bros. previously announced that it was on Batman from June 2021 to October 2021. Reeves previously told that only one-quarter of the film has been shot at this point, but noted that the time in quarantine is allowing him to rethink certain aspects of the movie. “It happens any time you shoot anything. The unexpected — happy accidents and things you didn’t quite expect: That is the lightning in a bottle for something that is alive,” . “I would say that the changes really have to do with ‘Oh, seeing the tone of this’ with these scenes we haven’t done which connect to that part of the storyline. It feels like there might be an opportunity to explore some of that unexpected tone that we found. With these movies, you never have enough prep time, because they’re so complex and so enormous in so many ways. It also gives me a moment to think about the larger sequences that have yet to come up and how I want to realize those.”
https://www.foxnews.com/health/invisible-demon-coronavirus-hits-even-top-rated-nursing-homes|1 day ago|'Invisible demon': Coronavirus hits even top-rated nursing homes|The Abbott Terrace Health Center in Waterbury, Conn., where 41 residents have died from the , has been cited by regulators for infection control violations and fined three times by the state and federal governments over the last several years. It has the lowest nursing home overall rating issued by the federal government — one star, for “much below average.” About 40 miles (65 kilometers) away, the Kimberly Hall North nursing home in Windsor has the highest rating, five stars, issued by the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services. It has had one infection control citation, but no state or federal fines, over the past several years. Yet 43 residents there have died from the virus. The coronavirus has had no regard for health care quality or ratings as it has swept through nursing homes around the world, killing efficiently even in highly rated care centers. Preliminary research indicates the numbers of nursing home residents testing positive for the coronavirus and dying from COVID-19 are linked to location and population density — not care quality ratings — said Vincent Mor, professor of health services policy and practice at Brown University’s School of Public Health. “It is not necessarily related to the good star, bad star ... of the home,” Mor said, “because really good homes, they have staff who go home and they are going to be living in an environment with lots of COVID and the staff will bring it in with them.” In a study funded by the National Institute on Aging, Mor and fellow researchers reviewed data from nursing homes in 26 states, including information provided by Genesis HealthCare about its nursing homes in those states. The initial findings are supported by a similar study of nursing home data in 20 states led by researchers at Harvard Medical School. They found homes where residents were infected with the coronavirus tended to be larger than other facilities, in urban areas and in counties with higher infection numbers. The data also showed the number of infections did not correlate to quality ratings or prior infection violations. In Connecticut, eight nursing homes have had 30 or more coronavirus deaths. Of the eight, three have five-star ratings, two were given four stars, one had three stars, one had two stars and one had one star. All eight have been fined or cited by state or federal health officials in the past five years, according to an Associated Press review of regulatory actions. The star ratings are based on the results of health inspections, staffing levels and the quality of resident care measures, according to the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services. The virus has refocused attention to longstanding in the industry, including infection control lapses and staffing problems. In Connecticut as of May 14, there were 1,927 COVID-19-related nursing home deaths, about 60 percent of the more than 3,200 total deaths statewide on that date. Nearly 7,000 nursing home residents have tested positive for the virus. A key factor in the coronavirus entering nursing homes was not knowing, at the beginning of the pandemic, that asymptomatic people could spread the virus, said Mor and Dr. Sunil Parikh, an associate professor of medicine and epidemiology at the Yale School of Public Health. Testing and personal protective equipment also were initially in short supply. The Connecticut nursing home with the highest COVID-19 death toll, at 54, is the Riverside Health & Rehabilitation Center in East Hartford, one of the largest nursing homes in the state with 345 beds. It has a four-star rating. Riverside’s owner, National Health Care Associates, said the virus spread in the nursing home despite numerous precautions taken since the pandemic began including banning most visitors, screening staff for symptoms, limiting staff access to patient rooms and ending community meals among residents. “We understood from the outset the grave threat that COVID-19 posed nursing home residents,” it said in a statement. The operators of Abbott Terrace and Kimberly Hall North and staff say it may never be known exactly how the virus got into the homes, but once it was there, it spread quickly. “It was like walking into a fire and no one knew how to put it out,” said Rosaina Rivera, a 41-year-old nurse at Abbott Terrace who tested positive for the virus in late March and recovered. “It was like an invisible demon possessing the building." A fellow Abbott Terrace nurse and friend to Rivera, Ilkah Hernandez, died from the coronavirus last weekend, sending shock waves through the nursing home, she said. The 205-bed Abbott Terrace isolated patients with symptoms early in the pandemic, Rivera said, but testing and N95 masks were scarce then. The nursing home also took staff members' temperatures and oxygen levels before they were allowed to work. No one knew then that people without symptoms could spread the virus, she said. Staff members are frustrated by the low federal rating and negative publicity, Rivera said. Workers provide very good care, she said, but the home is large and its patients have more complex health and mental health problems — possible factors in having more reportable incidents than other nursing homes. Timothy Brown, a spokesman for Abbott Terrace's owner, Athena Health Care Systems, said all violations found at Abbott Terrace were quickly corrected. He said staff are doing all they can to limit the reach of the coronavirus and are saving patients' lives every day. An unannounced health inspection on April 29 at Abbott Terrace found infection control and social distancing violations — three residents in wheelchairs right next to each other not wearing masks, and one of them had tested positive for the coronavirus — according to a state Department of Public Health report released Monday. Nursing home officials told inspectors that staff were re-trained in mask and social distancing requirements. The state has inspected all 215 nursing homes in the state during the coronavirus outbreak. Recent inspection reports for Kimberly Hall North and Riverside Health & Rehabilitation Center were not available Thursday. Kimberly Hall North, the five-star nursing home, has 150 beds and is owned by Genesis HealthCare. “When the virus does get into a nursing home, it does not discriminate,” said Dr. Richard Feifer, chief medical officer for Genesis HealthCare. “It impacts 5-star and 1-star buildings alike.” The virus swept through the nursing home with alarming speed, said Cambar Edwards, a certified nursing assistant who has worked at Kimberly Hall North for 24 years. When the outbreak began, she said, N95 masks were in short supply and workers had to reuse them for days, even weeks. “It’s like all hell breaks loose,” she said. “Because it is an invisible enemy, it was very hard.”
https://www.foxnews.com/world/tower-of-london-empty-coronavirus-beefeaters-isolation-tour|1 day ago|Tower of London lies empty amid coronavirus with famous beefeaters cut off in isolation|For 1,000 years, the great Tower of London is where kings and queens have retreated in the face of grave threats, and over the last decade more than 3 million people a year have visited. But now because of it lies practically empty, it’s fallen quiet and the drawbridge has quite literally been pulled up. Fox News was given a rare look inside. The only people living there now, cut off in isolation, are the 37 famous beefeaters, historically the monarch's personal bodyguards who live inside the walled fortress, with their families, and who are there to protect the crown jewels. These crowns, robes, and other items of ceremonial regalia have been protected on site by the beefeaters for 600 years – and are all kept in the famous white tower. During lockdown the beefeaters have had to forge a life in there, almost totally cut off from London, which surrounds them. There is a total of 120 people, including children – and just like the rest of us, they have had to homeschool, and figure out how to exercise from home, though in their case it’s running around the moat, or the ramparts. They have of course been allowed to receive food, and most of all say they are missing the cleaners. All beefeaters – formally known as yeoman warders - are retired from the armed services and must be former warrant officers with at least 22 years of service. They must also hold the long service and good conduct medal. They are believed to be known as beefeaters as they once received a portion of their salary in beef. Chief beefeater Peter McGowren says it's the quietest the tower ever has been. And after 1,000 years of history – having faced down wars, famines, fires and uprisings – for the first time, this new invisible enemy has hit it hard. Even though it lies emptyth, the key ceremony--which has taken place every night for 700 years--still happens and the famous ravens, whose departure legend says would signal impending doom and disaster, are also still there. But even here, coronavirus reached inside and the Chief beefeater's wife spent two weeks in ICU He told Fox News that the fortress had kept harmful things out for a thousand years. But that the silent killer got in, leaving his wife fighting for her life – but, he added, they fought back, and now she is better Now they say they can’t wait to get out of the tower, to allow tourists back in, and see their exclusive onsite pub, The Yeoman Warders Club, reopen.
https://video.foxnews.com/v/6158311929001/|__clean_error__|__clean_error__|
https://www.foxnews.com/food-drink/tyson-north-carolina-coronavirus-testing-results|1 day ago|Tyson publicly reveals COVID-19 test results after plant-wide testing at North Carolina facility|, Inc., publicly revealed the results after performing facility-wide testing at one of its plants in Wilkesboro, N.C. The results not only showed that several hundred workers at the plant had tested positive for , but the majority of workers who tested positive were not showing any symptoms. Workers who tested positive will receive paid leave and will not return to work until they have met requirements set by the CDC and Tyson. In a on its website, Tyson revealed that 570 workers tested positive at the plant, where 2,244 team members were tested. While 237 workers were either tested by their doctors or the Department of Health, the majority were tested onsite from May 6 to May 9. Tom Brower, Senior Vice President of Health and Safety for Tyson Foods, said, “We are working closely with local health departments to protect our team members and their families, and to help manage the spread of the virus in our communities. We are using the most up-to-date data and resources to support our team members, and we are committed to ensuring they feel safe and secure when they come to work.” “Our team members are essential to helping to feed the nation, and their health and safety is always our first priority,” Complex Manager Kevin Taylor said. “Disclosing our testing results will help better protect our team members and help provide the wider Wilkesboro community with the information it needs to stop the spread of the virus.” The testing was part of a move by Tyson to roll out extensive testing and care options at plants located in or near communities with a high volume of COVID-19 infections. The company says it will share the results with government officials, team members and stakeholders. , Tyson Foods facilities across the country had been forced to temporarily shutter following issues related to COVID-19, prompting chairman John H. Tyson to take out full-page ads in The New York Times, Washington Post and Arkansas Democrat-Gazette to outline the company’s response to the ongoing . He also stated that further closures — not only of Tyson Foods facilities but competitors’ facilities as well — would put stress on the nation’s food supply.
https://www.foxnews.com/politics/27-gop-senators-ask-ag-barr-to-investigate-planned-parenthood-getting-ppp-checks|1 day ago|27 GOP senators ask AG Barr to investigate Planned Parenthood getting PPP funds|Sen. , R-Ark., led a letter signed by 27 Republican senators asking Attorney General to investigate how several Planned Parenthood affiliates got $80 million worth of relief funds from the Paycheck Protection Program (PPP) despite rules restricting them from receiving the money due to the number of employees the organizations have. after "Tucker Carlson Tonight" learned earlier this week that the Small Business Administration (SBA) is reaching out to the affiliates that improperly self-certified that they are eligible for the stimulus cash aimed at keeping small businesses afloat during the pandemic, and asking for the money back. "This week, it was publicly reported that at least thirty-seven Planned Parenthood affiliates across the country applied for and received millions of dollars in Paycheck Protection Program loans administered by the Small Business Administration," the Republicans' letter reads. "These Planned Parenthood entities self-certified eligibility for these loans despite the clear ineligibility under the statutory text of the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security ("CARES") Act." Co-signers include Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, R-Ky., Sen. Lindsey Graham, R-S.C., and Sen. Ted Cruz, R-Texas. The letter cited a statement by the Planned Parenthood Action Fund noting that the SBA could exclude Planned Parenthood from the funding, holding it up as evidence that the organizations should have known they could not legally apply for the money. "Based on these statements, it seems clear that Planned Parenthood knew that it was ineligible for the small business loans under the CARES Act long before its affiliates fraudulently self-certified that they were eligible. As you know, fraudulent loan applications can trigger both civil and criminal penalties," the letter said. Organizations with more than 500 employees aren't eligible for PPP distributions, Fox News is told. The Planned Parenthood Federation of America (PFFA) alone has had more than 600 employees. A Planned Parenthood affiliate in Metropolitan Washington (PPMW), for example, will receive a letter stating that although it self-certified that it was eligible for a $1,328,000 PPP loan in accordance with the SBA's affiliation rules, it will need to return the money. PPMW's request for money from the Trump administration came just months after the affiliate's president and CEO, Laura Meyers, promised to turn down federal funds. McConnell, who was among the senators to sign the letter asking Barr to investigate Planned Parenthood, the abortion provider in remarks on the Senate floor Wednesday. "And we learned yesterday that the nation’s largest abortion provider, Planned Parenthood, abused this emergency process and grabbed tens of millions of dollars of taxpayer money for which they were completely ineligible," McConnell said. "This is the organization that fired its new president last year because she was too focused on broader health issues and not sufficiently fixated on abortion above all else." McConnell added: "Disrespecting human life is their central mission. And they just took advantage of a national crisis and helped themselves to tens of millions of taxpayer dollars they were clearly forbidden from taking. It goes without saying the money must be sent back immediately." The largest single government loan was a $7.5 million allotment to the Planned Parenthood of Orange and San Bernardino Counties in California. One Planned Parenthood affiliate received a loan but declined it.
https://www.foxnews.com/media/coronavirus-frivolous-lawsuits-class-action-business|1 day ago|Restaurateur pleads for protection against frivolous lawsuits as businesses seek to reopen|A group of owners told host that they fear a flood of costly, frivilous lawsuits as they work to their . "They're doing it right, but it's still a struggle for each of these business owners," said Lahren on on Thursday. "They're being bombarded by the , they're being bombarded with what they fear are class-action lawsuits, so it's going to be a rough road ahead." In a new episode of Lahren sat down with two restaurateurs, a gym owner and a salon owner who are trying to return to normal operations amid the ongoing coronavirus pandemic. On May 1, Texas Gov. announced that select businesses in certain counties were allowed to reopen with conditions. Restaurants were permitted to reopen at just 25 percent capacity and on Friday that limit will be raised to 50 percent. "Texas really is a roadmap for the rest of the country," said Lahren, though she noted that the business owner she spoke to stressed that more can be done on the federal level. Kyle Noonan, president and CEO of the restaurant firm FreeRange Concepts, told Lahren that lawyers are already seeking to capitalize on the crisis. "You're already starting to see ads on TV from law firms going, 'Hey, were you affected by COVID-19?" he said, while advocating for limits on the scope of lawsuits that can be brought against businesses. "You know, [we need] some sort of protection from a business standpoint of not getting frivolous lawsuits thrown at us where they know that we weren't the cause [of a coronavirus infection], but they also know that we don't have the bankroll to fight it. And so that's a really scary thing for business owners right now," argued Noonan. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, R-Ky., has protections for businesses must be included in the coronavirus relief package making its way through Congress, though the proposal has received pushback from Democrats. "These business owners, who are already struggling, finally they can open up ... and now they have to worry about lawsuits which could absolutely end them," concluded Lahren on "We hope that Congress will take action on this. We hope that the president will take action on this. We need to protect our small business owners — now more than ever. To watch all of and hear more stories from business owners struggling to cope with an unprecedented time, go to
https://www.foxnews.com/politics/dc-mayor-hopes-city-can-begin-first-phase-of-reopening-next-week-barring-any-peaks|1 day ago|DC mayor hopes city can begin first phase of reopening next week barring any peaks|Mayor Muriel Bowser said Thursday she plans to allow her district to begin phase one of reopening on May 29 -- if positive trends continue. After nearing the benchmark of 14 consecutive days of declining cases, Bowser said D.C. would begin to reopen next Friday “barring any peaks.” Just one week ago, Bowser the state’s public health emergency in D.C. requiring residents to stay home until June 8. D.C. is the last holdout in the region to begin the reopening process, as and have started already. But Virginia Gov. Ralph Northam excluded Northern Virginia, which shares a border with D.C., from beginning to reopen until at least May 29. The Democratic governor said Wednesday he has not yet come to a decision whether the lockdown for northern Virginia will be extended beyond then. Maryland Gov. Larry Hogan lifted the stay-at-home order on May 15 and replaced it with a safer-at-home public health advisory, allowing many businesses to open at a limited capacity. Under phase one of reopening for the district, restaurants could open outdoor seating and non-essential retailers could open for curbside pickup. Barbershops and salons can reopen at a limited capacity, as well as child care. Work from home is still strongly encouraged. D.C. has faced around 7,500 cases of coronavirus and 400 deaths. Meanwhile, the Senate has been back in Washington for two weeks and the House will be in session next week, though lawmakers have the option to vote by proxy.
https://www.foxnews.com/entertainment/tyler-perry-strict-guidelines-cast-crew-returning-atlanta-studio|1 day ago|Tyler Perry details strict guidelines for cast and crew returning to work at his Atlanta studio|laid out his plans for the cast and crew on his shows to return to work amid the in a lengthy 30-page document. The 50-year-old producer sent the document, appropriately titled “Camp Quarantine,” to his staff on Wednesday along with a letter outlining his decision to start production at his sprawling Tyler Perry Studios campus in . “I couldn’t start this letter without first saying that our hearts, souls and minds stand with all those who have lost loved ones during this challenging time in our world. I’d also like you know that we stand firmly with our frontline workers. They are the true superstars in all of this,” Perry began his letter to staff (via ). The letter touched upon the disproportionate ways in which COVID-19 affects the African-American community as well as crew member Charles Gregory Ross, who recently died of the coronavirus after 15 years of working with Perry on various projects. “It is with that sobering reality and the understanding that African Americans are disproportionately affected by this virus in vast numbers, and also knowing that my cast and crew members are largely African American — that we came up with this plan to return to work safely,” Perry wrote. “I want it to be abundantly clear that there was no way I could or would consider putting people back to work without a plan that takes extreme measures to try and mitigate as much risk as possible in our productions, and I think we’ve managed to do just that.” Perry explained that he worked with various union reps and medical experts to devise a plan that will see cast and crew for his shows to return to work on campus, where they’ll remain under strict social distancing, sanitization and testing guidelines for the entire time they’re filming. The Hollywood Reporter reports that staff will first be tested for COVID-19 at their respective homes 16 days before travel will take place. They’ll be forced to self-isolate during that time. They will then take a private flight organized by Perry to Atlanta where they’ll be tested again before heading to the campus. Once there, they’ll be tested once again to ensure they didn’t contract the virus while in transit. While they await the results from the last test, they’ll be sequestered in their individual rooms. Once all people who test positive are given medical treatment and safely ushered off the campus, people will be allowed to leave their private rooms, but not the campus, where social distancing and mask guidelines will be in effect. Perry says that the only exception to these guidelines will be actors in scenes together and for occasional makeup and hair needs.
https://www.foxnews.com/food-drink/peta-billboard-tofu-never-caused-pandemic-criticism|1 day ago|PETA billboard stating 'tofu never caused a pandemic' prompts criticism: 'Not the right time'|is once again getting some . The People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals has put up a billboard in cities in California, Iowa and Nebraska, as well as internationally, featuring a block of tofu with the statement “Tofu never caused a pandemic. Try it today!” The animal rights organization is referencing the , which it alleges “like many other diseases, COVID-19 came from animals confined and killed for food by humans.” An investigation into is still ongoing. Despite this fact, PETA is moving forward with its claims, touting a vegan diet as a “lifesaving” solution. “The best thing we can do for animals, the planet, our health, and our communities is to go vegan, and PETA plans to get this lifesaving message out to as many other cities as we can,” a spokesperson for PETA said in a statement to Fox News. Those on social media are not as thrilled with the timing of PETA’s billboards, calling them “disrespectful.” One person responded with a stern, “F--- off @peta with your ‘Tofu never caused a pandemic’ billboard.” The organization has previously called on government officials , which have been suggested as the origin of COVID-19. PETA released graphic images and video showing these wet markets, which it claimed were recorded in April.
https://www.foxnews.com/us/coronavirus-new-jersey-gov-reopen-church-service-sunday|1 day ago|Defiant New Jersey pastors plan to reopen churches: Gov. Murphy's order 'doesn't trump ... Constitution'|A handful of pastors say they are reopening in defiance of Gov. 's stay-at-home orders to stop the spread of the , because of their religious convictions and constitutional rights. Charles Clark Jr., co-pastor of Solid Rock Baptist Church in Berlin who has been preaching for 45 years, made the announcement Wednesday at the South Jersey house of worship. "We're not breaking the law by going to church," Clark Jr. said. "The people telling us we can't go to church are breaking the Constitution of the United States. It's illegal...It's just ridiculous in this country." His son, Charles Clark III, doubled down on his father's comments. "The liquor store has been open the entire time. The grocery store has been open. Walmart is open, the pet store is open, the bicycle repair shop is open, and all are considered essential, but the church has been closed," Clark III said at the press conference. "And the church has been considered non-essential. We strongly disagree with that." Clark's attorney sent a letter to the Democratic governor demanding the status of churches in the Garden State be switched to essential given the First Amendment. "Governor Murphy's executive order does not control the rights of the church," he said, "We understand the executive order has the power that it does for the time period necessary but it doesn't trump the power of the Constitution and it cannot go on indefinitely." The pastor said they will take all health and safety precautions above and beyond what businesses already open are doing, including social distancing, deep cleaning, and temperature checks at the door. Andy Reese, pastor of Bible Baptist Church in Clementon, already reopened last Sunday and said he realizes he may face legal backlash holding a service Wednesday night as well. "We're prepared to stand for what is right, for what is true, and we're prepared to face whatever consequences these are," Reese said. "If necessary, go to court." Murphy has made it clear that until there's a vaccine or a treatment, mass gatherings, including worship services, will remain restricted, reports. "Inside, no ventilation, close contact, it's a hard nut to crack," Murphy said. "We're just not there yet." A month after issuing the original order, Murphy amended it to allow drive-in services after being sued by a North Caldwell Catholic priest in federal court. The pastors are asking for another change in the order. "I ain't afraid to go to jail. I don't want to go to jail, but I ain't backing down, our church ain't backing down, and there's churches all over this country that aren't backing down," Clark Jr. said. It is unclear if the churches will face any push back from law enforcement or fines as churches have in Chicago and elsewhere.
https://www.foxnews.com/media/pelosi-touts-3-6b-vote-by-mail-bill-now-called-voting-at-home-after-trump-warnings-to-michigan-nevada|2 days ago|Pelosi touts $3.6B vote-by-mail bill, now called ‘Voting at Home,’ after Trump warnings to Michigan, Nevada|House Speaker on Wednesday night touted a $3.6 billion vote-by-mail proposal – which she rechristened “Voting at Home” – and defended a planned $25 billion bailout for the U.S. Postal Service. Pelosi talked about the legislation during an appearance on MSNBC just hours after President Trump warned the states of and against implementing absentee-ballot and vote-by-mail plans, arguing the proposals were illegal and . In both cases, the president threatened to withhold federal dollars from the states if they went ahead with their plans. The legality of using mail ballots is already the basis of a lawsuit in Texas, in which a federal judge in allowing the forms to be sent out to voters. Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton immediately announced his office was appealing the ruling to the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals. Meantime, Trump has repeatedly criticized the Postal Service, calling it a “joke” and claiming it undercharges online retail giants such as Amazon. The president has said he will not support any bailout legislation for the Postal Service if the organization does not raise its service rates to generate more revenue. But in an interview on MSNBC’s “The Last Word,” Pelosi stressed that the Democrats’ vote-by-mail proposal was aimed at making voting more convenient and safe for Americans amid the coronavirus pandemic – allowing them to participate in elections from home without exposing themselves to risk of contracting the virus. “We’re now calling it ‘Voting at Home’ because that’s really what it’s all about -- enabling people to vote at home,” Pelosi told host Lawrence O’Donnell. She said the plan calls for the implementation of same-day voter registration and the distribution of absentee ballots for all voters. She said those with disabilities or those with concerns about the coronavirus would benefit from the plan. “Standing in those lines, for that amount of time, going to places that are enclosed, is dangerous to your health,” Pelosi said, referring to the idea of in-person voting on Election Day. She asserted that vote-by-mail was “more democratic.” “It gives people more options, it removes obstacles and barriers to voting, which is what we want to do,” she said. Neither Pelosi nor O’Donnell addressed the president’s point about possible voter fraud through mail-in ballots. As for supporting the continued operation of the Postal Service, Pelosi claimed 90 percent of U.S. military veterans receive their medications through the Postal Service. “So this is a health issue in addition to a convenience issue for the American people in terms of shelter-in-place and ordering whatever they order through the mail as a convenience to them,” Pelosi said. She also claimed that the proposed cash infusion for the Postal Service had backing from its board of governors, all of them Trump appointees. But despite his , the president said in April that he had no intention of seeing the service go under. “I will never let our Post Office fail,” Trump wrote April 24. “It has been mismanaged for years, especially since the advent of the internet and modern-day technology. The people that work there are great, and we’re going to keep them happy, healthy and well!”
https://www.foxnews.com/science/nasas-demo-2-launch-spacex-shot-of-inspiration-amid-coronavirus-mike-massimino|1 day ago|NASA’s Demo-2 launch with SpaceX is 'shot of inspiration' amid coronavirus: Former astronaut Mike Massimino|On May 27, astronauts Doug Hurley and Bob Behnken are scheduled to launch from Kennedy Space Center in a SpaceX Crew Dragon spacecraft, becoming the first Americans to head into space from U.S. soil since 2011. Part of NASA’s Commercial Crew Program, Crew Dragon will launch atop one of SpaceX’s Falcon 9 rockets from the historic pad 39A, which was also used for the and space shuttle programs. The launch is scheduled for 4:33 p.m. EDT. It will be the first time a private company, rather than a national government, sends astronauts into orbit. Former astronaut Mike Massimino, a veteran of two space shuttle missions, is eagerly awaiting the historic launch. “Launching astronauts from American soil is huge,” he told Fox News during an interview. “It really is a very historic time, it’s unfortunate that we’re doing it during the pandemic.” Under normal circumstances, large crowds would have been expected to witness the historic launch but, citing concerns about the pandemic, NASA has urged people to stay away. Hundreds of thousands of people flocked to the area near Kennedy Space Center for the last shuttle launch in July 2011, according to . Massimino told Fox News that he had received an invite to the Demo-2 launch, but, amid the coronavirus restrictions, will be following the event remotely. “I was invited to go as a guest of the crew and family, but I can’t go,” he added. Nonetheless, he thinks that the launch will be an uplifting event at a time when millions are struggling with the impact of the pandemic. “It’s always good timing for a shot of inspiration and good news,” he said. “People may be inclined to pay attention because they are home and online.” The former astronaut, who is now a professor at Columbia University’s School of Engineering, will be providing commentary on the launch for “Space Launch Live: America Returns to Space” on the Discovery and Science Channels on May 27. He will also be discussing the mission in the Intrepid Air, Sea and Space Museum’s event on Thursday at 3:30 p.m. ET. Launched atop the Falcon 9 rocket, Crew Dragon will accelerate to approximately 17,000 mph, according to , placing the capsule on course for the International Space Station. Massimino told Fox News that the crewed flight of the new spacecraft is an important step forward for the U.S. space program. “I am really, really excited, it’s something that we have been thinking about for a long time – even before we had the shuttle accident with Columbia, we had been thinking about another vehicle,” he explained. “This is a great step in the right direction, this Commercial Crew program.” Hurley and Behnken flew to Kennedy Space Center on Wednesday, exactly one week before their historic SpaceX flight. Massimino said that, as the astronauts make their final preparation for their journey into space, he can’t help but think about his own time in orbit. “I miss it, I miss it all the time, I really do – I think that’s somewhat human nature. I think it’s important in life, particularly for astronauts, to be grateful for what we had the chance to do. I am very happy that I had these opportunities, so I am very happy for these guys.” , the last space shuttle mission, launched from Kennedy Space Center on July 8, 2011. The space shuttle Atlantis carried four NASA astronauts on the mission to resupply the ISS, as well as an experiment for robotically refueling satellites in space. Since then, the U.S. has relied on Russian Soyuz rockets launched from the Baikonur Cosmodrome in Kazakhstan to get astronauts into space. Russia the U.S. about $75 million to send an astronaut into space. Last week, NASA Russian space agency Roscosmos $90 million for one final seat on one of its Soyuz rockets.
https://www.foxnews.com/us/washington-inmate-early-release-coronavirus-arrested|1 day ago|Washington inmate granted early coronavirus release arrested after attacking woman on hiking trail: report|A inmate who was granted early release due to the pandemic has been after sneaking up behind a woman and choking her on a hiking trail, according to a report. Matthew Cory, 33, attacked the woman Friday while she rested on a trail in Everett, , citing court documents. He ran away after the woman, described as in her 60s, was able to loosen his grip and scream for help. Police found Cory running through the woods and arrested him. Cory told investigators that he had no memory of the attack, according to the documents. He said he’d been using meth for two weeks and had not slept in seven days. He has a long criminal record, which includes 11 arrests, seven felony convictions and two misdemeanors. Cory left jail May 2 as part of the state’s initiative to release about 1,000 non-violent inmates up to six months early to curb the spread of the coronavirus in the prison system, the station reported. He removed his ankle monitor 10 days later and police lost track of him. Several other released inmates have similarly disappeared, law enforcement sources told the station. The release of so many inmates an increased risk to public safety. “I feel the release of these additional offenders is of great risk to public safety," Lewis County Sheriff Robert Snaza . “My fear is this will create additional concerns for local law enforcement as we struggle with the challengers already facing us from the COVID-19 pandemic, and its effect on routine operations.” The coronavirus pandemic has forced jails elsewhere to release non-violent inmates to limit the spread of the disease in their facilities. In California’s Los Angeles County, Sheriff Alex Villanueva last month said the department as the pandemic worsened, a total of 4,276 non-violent inmates between Feb. 28 and April 13. Gov. Jay Inslee’s office responded to the station with a statement, calling the decision to release inmates in the state difficult, but necessary in order to reduce crowding and protect them from the virus. “In reviewing individuals for potential release, we focused on those individuals who were incarcerated for less serious crimes and focused more on offenses involving property rather than crimes against persons. This group was chosen to reduce the risk to public safety, but no choice could be made to guarantee that there would never be a new crime committed."
https://www.foxnews.com/entertainment/queen-elizabeth-christian-faith-coronavirus-pandemic|1 day ago|Queen Elizabeth's 'Christian faith means so much to her’ amid the coronavirus pandemic, source says|is relying on her to help her cope with the . Sources close to the reigning monarch revealed the 94-year-old, who is currently in isolation at the 1,000-year-old with her husband , misses the “community feel” of going to church with her family and friends. She previously invited her grandson and his wife to join her at church on the Sunday before they left the U.K. in March. “Her Christian faith means so much to her, and those rituals of going to church on Sunday and praying in chapel are not happening,” a palace insider told for this week’s cover story. “She feels the poignancy, but that does not turn into depression or defeat,” said . “She sees is in the bigger context of her religious faith and of a God who holds her and her family in his hands. It is the solid and simple faith that sustains the queen.” Still, Elizabeth is finding happiness in the simple things. “She loves to be out walking her dogs and is still riding,” added a close observer. Elizabeth is determined to make the most of her time in quarantine, according to sources close to her. Sources said she's enjoying herself in the company of her husband of 72 years. “One of the nicest things for the queen is that she is getting to spend more time with her husband than she usually would,” a friend told . “They have dinner together in the evenings and I imagine the queen is of the generation where she dresses for dinner. She is riding out every day and is making the most of this time.” Palace aides also confirmed to the outlet that the queen is still holding her weekly phone calls with , who recovered from the coronavirus last month. Additionally, the source confirmed Elizabeth has been enjoying daily horse rides around the property. An insider told the magazine she is "in excellent spirits." Despite her time away from Buckingham Palace, the queen made a rare televised address in April, at the height of the coronavirus pandemic, in which she offered a message of hope for her native country. The queen also appeared in pre-recorded messages broadcast to the United Kingdom in honor of the Easter holiday and VE Day. In mid-April, she positively told Britons that the "coronavirus will not overcome us.”
https://video.foxnews.com/v/6158310285001/|__clean_error__|__clean_error__|
https://www.foxnews.com/media/charles-payne-calls-new-yorks-blanket-lockdown-policy-absurd|1 day ago|Charles Payne blasts New York's 'absurd' lockdown policy: The poorest are bearing the brunt|Fox Business Network host Charles Payne blasted the economic in New York City, asserting that the “idea of a blanket policy is absurd," considering the varying amount of cases and deaths within the city. “If NYU is going to open up, what about those small businesses around it?” the host of FBN's "Making Money" told “ .” “Everyone knows, everyone is prepared to be social distancing and be responsible,” Payne said. Payne said that there are 2,500 cases in the Bronx and 150 in Greenwich Village. Payne added that there are 172 deaths in the Bronx and seven deaths in Greenwich Village. Payne reacted to New York Post author David Marcus, who wrote, "Last Friday morning, some 3,500 New Yorkers lined up at a Catholic church in Queens to receive free food hours before it even opened, ­according to the New York Police Department. Catholic Charities has reported a 200 percent increase in demand over the past month and a half." Marcus went on to say, "By prolonging the coronavirus shutdown long after its core mission was accomplished, Gov. Andrew Cuomo and Mayor Bill de Blasio have plunged tens of thousands of New Yorkers into poverty." "It needs to end. Now," Marcus wrote. Payne said that there is a debate in Congress over another “rescue package” for states to fight the coronavirus pandemic. “Americans want to rescue themselves. When we get some good weather this weekend, you’re going to see an example of people who are tired of being indoors, people who want to go outside and there are merchants who could be selling them things right now,” Payne said. “You don’t want to let one mistake lead to another mistake because the crisis is becoming more for so many New Yorkers and it is the poorest New Yorkers are bearing the brunt of it. It’s just mind-boggling.” New York State had reported more than 354,000 confirmed coronavirus cases and nearly 23,000 deaths as of Tuesday evening. More than 194,500 cases and 14,800 deaths occurred in New York City.
https://www.foxnews.com/politics/new-mexico-republicans-gov-lujan-grisham-clash-over-reopening-state|1 day ago|New Mexico Republicans, Gov. Lujan Grisham clash over reopening state|Senate Republicans and Democratic Gov. exchanged biting words in a pair of letters this week over Republican demands that the reopen the entire state by Thursday. After a Monday letter from most of the GOP members of the state Senate demanding the state reopen, Lujan Grisham responded with a letter of her own Tuesday, obtained by the , accusing the legislators of an "utter failure and unflinching surrender to the virus ravaging our communities, your communities, and those your represent whether you believe in the danger of this disease or not." The conflict in the southwestern state comes as and rage in states around the country between those opposed to the economic shutdowns and stay-at-home orders aimed at slowing the spread of the virus and governors intent on keeping them intact for at least the immediate future. "We, as representatives of our districts at-large, call upon you to as the chief executive of the State of New Mexico, lift all mandates under the current order(s) in favor of a full opening of New Mexico by 8:00 a.m., May 21, 2020," the Republicans' letter, also obtained by the , reads. The senators continued: "The recent Department of Health orders, coupled with the separate and unrelated budget shortfall caused by over-optimism in the oil markets, will undoubtedly have disastrous effect on the New Mexico economy. This massive economic shortfall will impact services for those regularly receiving assistance as well as those who find themselves newly unemployed and impoverished." In her response to the GOP letter, Lujan Grisham, one of the several Democrats who has gotten buzz as a potential vice presidential pick for presumptive Democratic presidential nominee Joe Biden, accused the legislators of ignoring public health experts who have cautioned that getting back to business-as-usual too soon will result in further spread of the virus and preventable deaths. "I notice your letter does not cite the reporting or study of any public health experts or any scientific or epidemiological leaders," she wrote. "This is because no public health expert or epidemiologist could or would or does support what you describe as a simple 'common sense' approach to this public health crisis. ... "I further notice that your letter elides the glaring fact that New Mexico's relative success in combating this virus is due to the fact my administration has taken strong steps to protect New Mexicans from precisely this kind of proudly anti-scientific bluster and misjudgment encapsulated in your letter," she said. The nation's most-visible public health expert, National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases Director Dr. Anthony Fauci, indeed said in a that reopening states too quickly could lead to preventable "suffering and death" and "turn the clock back instead of going forward." "If some areas – cities, states or what have you – jump over those barriers, checkpoints and prematurely open up without having the capability of being able to respond effectively, and efficiently, my concern is that we will start to see little spikes that might turn into outbreaks," Fauci said, touting the White House's guidelines for states to reopen. Those guidelines require that states see an uninterrupted decrease in coronavirus cases over a two-week period before moving to the first, limited reopening phase. They would then have to meet further benchmarks to move on to more advanced stages of reopening. Others, however, have pushed for a faster reopening, including Sen. Rand Paul, R-Ky., who joined Rep. Andy Biggs, R-Ariz., in a op-ed Thursday. "While President Donald Trump urged governors to safely open our country, Fauci testified to a Senate committee last week that opening too soon would 'result in needless suffering and death,'" the lawmakers wrote. "What about the countless stories of needless suffering and death produced by Fauci’s one-size-fits-all approach to public health?" Paul and Biggs wrote that Fauci has "has not fully considered the public health risks" of a prolonged shutdown, citing "people who have experienced significant health problems due to the economic and emotional stress" caused by the state lockdowns.
https://video.foxnews.com/v/6158296640001/|__clean_error__|__clean_error__|
https://www.foxnews.com/travel/delta-air-lines-installing-safety-barriers-airports|1 day ago|Delta Air Lines to install 'safety barriers' at check-in lobbies and gates where carrier operates|Delta is planning to “add another layer of safety at airports” by literally adding a layer of plexiglass between customers and This week, the announced plans to begin installing “custom plexiglass safety barriers” at the check-in lobbies of where it operates, as well as at the departure gates and its Delta Sky Club counters. Tests have already been conducted at Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport in Atlanta, where Delta is headquartered. The new barriers are expected to be installed at Delta’s U.S. hubs by June 1, and at all other U.S. airports where Delta operates in the weeks that follow. International airports where Delta operates will also begin installation in the coming weeks. "This is yet another testament to Delta's nimbleness, ingenuity and our relentless commitment to keeping our people and our customers safe in our airports as we all manage the impact of the ongoing pandemic," said Eric Phillips, Delta's senior vice president or airport customer service and cargo, in a . "We appreciate the agility of our Delta Flight Products colleagues to so quickly and expertly produce these safety barriers, which will add another level of safety as our customers check-in, visit a Delta Sky Club and board their flight." The design and manufacturing of the barriers is being handled by the Delta Flight Products subsidiary, which is said to be producing up to 150 of the plexiglass shields per day. In its press release, Delta also committed to continuous evaluation of its new cleaning standards, which include cleaning aircraft with electrostatic sanitizing spray and using “state-of-the-art” circulation systems and HEPA filters in cabins. The airline has also previously committed to to expand spacing between customers. Delta also requires customers throughout the entire journey.
https://www.foxnews.com/science/doctors-spent-more-time-treating-mental-health-for-children-and-teens-during-first-few-weeks-of-lockdown-research-says|2 days ago|Doctors spent more time treating mental health for children and teens during first few weeks of lockdown, research says|The global lockdown from the pandemic has affected the mental health of many, especially children and teenagers, new research has found. According to data from athenahealth, children and teenagers that were diagnosed with ADHD for the first time rose 66 percent during March and April, while 41 percent of patient visits among children and teenagers also involved discussion of depression. “COVID-19 has caused Americans unprecedented levels of stress, and it’s evident that our new reality is causing people of all ages and genders to reach out to their physicians for guidance and support,” said Jessica Sweeney-Platt, Executive Director, Research and Insights for athenahealth, in a . “The trends we’re seeing from our data are even more striking when we consider that fewer patients are seeing their doctors in person right now." Sweeney-Platt continued: "We hope that by shining a light on this data, we can encourage patients to leverage tools like telehealth to stay in close communication with their providers and get the help they need, especially during this emotionally difficult time.” Digging further into the data, athenahealth noted that 27 percent of primary care visits from kids and teens involved a discussion about depression during the week of March 9, but that number jumped to 41 percent during the week of April 13. "During the same time period, antidepressant prescription renewals for this group followed a similar trend, and there was a more gradual increase in share of visits involving first-time antidepressant prescriptions among teenagers," the health and tech company noted. The same trend occurred with ADHD diagnoses, rising by two-thirds from the week of March 9 to the week of March 30, as the lockdown and pandemic worsened. The health tech company, which was acquired by private equity firm Veritas Capital in 2019, noted this may be attributed to parents spending more time with their children and noticing more symptoms related to the disorder, as well as the increase in telehealth appointments. Sweeney-Platt added the company is "starting to see" that visits with mental health diagnoses are "returning to pre-COVID-19 levels," but added they are still above that level. "And not surprisingly, prescription rates seem to be returning to early-March levels a little faster but are still somewhat elevated," Sweeney-Platt said in an email to Fox News. In early April, the Dept. of Health and Human Services made the extraordinary announcement to allow video chat such as FaceTime and Zoom for medical consultations. "During the COVID-19 national emergency, which also constitutes a nationwide public health emergency, covered health care providers subject to the HIPAA Rules may seek to communicate with patients, and provide telehealth services, through remote communications technologies," the HHS wrote in an announcement on its at the time. Also included on the list are Messenger video chat, Hangouts and Skype. Though the data linking the lockdown and the pandemic to an increase in depression and ADHD in children and teens is concerning, the mental well-being of adults is also being negatively impacted. There was a 44-percent increase in first-time anxiety diagnoses in women during March, athenahealth noted, particularly in women between the ages of 30 and 64. There was also a 25 percent increase observed in men of the same age group, the company added. Currently, there is no known scientific cure for the disease known as COVID-19, however, a number of are being tested to see if they can treat it. As of Thursday morning, more than 5 million coronavirus cases have been diagnosed worldwide, more than 1.55 million of which are in the U.S., the most impacted country on the planet.
https://www.foxnews.com/health/colorado-sees-cases-of-possible-coronavirus-linked-mystery-illness-in-kids-report|1 day ago|Colorado sees cases of possible coronavirus-linked mystery illness in kids: report|Several children in Colorado are being treated for a mysterious illness that may be linked to infections in children, according to a local report. At least three pediatric patients at Children’s Hospital Colorado are suspected of having developed "pediatric in children,” or MIS-C, . The syndrome is said to be a Kawasaki disease-like condition that doctors in the U.S. and abroad now suspect may be an unusual complication of the novel coronavirus striking mainly in children. In fact, a seemingly growing number of states have reported cases of MIS-C in pediatric coronavirus patients in recent weeks. In New York, for instance, at least three children after being hospitalized with the syndrome. Details on the Colorado children's conditions were not immediately clear. “Because this is a new and emerging syndrome, there is still a lot we don’t know about MIS-C,” Gov. Jared Polis said Wednesday when announcing the cases, according to the station. Dr. Sam Dominguez, an infectious disease expert at Children’s Hospital Colorado, urged parents not to panic — but encouraged them to be on the lookout for signs of MIS-C, especially if their child has been diagnosed with COVID-19 in recent weeks. The syndrome has been said to affect children who test positive for a current or recent infection of SARS-CoV-2, the novel coronavirus that causes COVID-19. “This suggests that what we’re seeing in these children is a post-infectious or inflammatory response to the virus, as opposed to direct ongoing damage from the virus itself,” Dominguez said, according to Fox 31. Earlier this week, officials in Virginia announced what is thought to be the state’s first case of the mysterious inflammatory condition, following similar news out of . Previously, Yale-New Haven Children’s Hospital (YNHCH) in Connecticut announced The cases are said to be the state’s first and have since been reported to the Connecticut Department of Public health, the hospital said in a The condition has also affected several patients at Children’s Hospital Los Angeles in California, as well as . A 6-month-old who was hospitalized in California with Kawasaki disease last month also tested positive for COVID-19, reported at the time. Meanwhile, physicians in Washington, D.C., of the mysterious condition. The increasing number of cases prompted the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) last week MIS-C can also cause persistent fever, rashes, vomiting, and diarrhea, among other symptoms such as a red tongue and eyes. Dr. Jacqueline Szmuszkovicz, a pediatric cardiologist at Children’s Hospital Los Angeles, recently said that children who have a fever that lasts for four or more days should seek medical attention. “Certainly, if they see any of the other signs — the rash, the red tongue, red eyes — we encourage them to seek care,” she told .
https://www.foxnews.com/politics/de-blasio-says-first-coronavirus-cases-could-have-hit-nyc-in-late-january|1 day ago|De Blasio says first coronavirus cases could have hit NYC in late January|New York City Mayor Bill on Thursday said new data suggests that the first cases of the novel coronavirus may have surfaced in the city in late January -- weeks earlier than what was previously known. , during his daily press conference Thursday, was asked about which claims that had lockdown measures been put in place just one week earlier, fewer than 4,300 people would have died in the New York Metro area, compared to the 21,800 people that died by May 3. “I wish we had known so much more in January, February, the beginning of March,” de Blasio said. “I wish we had the testing that would have told us what was going on.” “We’re not sure when this disease started to be present in the city,” de Blasio continued. “We thought it was March, and now, more and more, it’s looking like it was February or even late January and we just didn’t have the testing to be able to give us the full picture.” De Blasio added that it is “very painful” to reflect on, saying he wishes city officials “had known then the things we know now.” he and others in the administration made at the time. On Jan. 24, de Blasio said New Yorkers should "continue living as you have"; on Feb. 14 he said, "this should not stop you from going about your life ... from going out to Chinatown and going out to eat"; and on March 13, he reiterated "we wanted people to go on about their lives." In a , de Blasio wrote: “Since I’m encouraging New Yorkers to go on with your lives + get out on the town despite Coronavirus, I thought I would offer some suggestions. Here’s the first: thru Thurs 3/5 go see 'The Traitor' @FilmLinc. If 'The Wire' was a true story + set in Italy, it would be this film.” New York City Health Commissioner Oxiris Barbot : "There is no reason not to take the subway, not to take the bus, not to go out to your favorite restaurant, and certainly not to miss the parade next Sunday.” On Thursday, De Blasio went on to note that March 1 was the first reported positive case of COVID-19 in New York City, and the first death was on March 14. “We were fighting in those two weeks to see if we could contain this without any ability to see how deeply it spread, because we didn’t have the testing, and you know, immediately after that first death, it was the next day that I indicated and called for the schools to close,” de Blasio said, adding that he ordered restaurants and bars close as well. “And two days later, I called for shelter in place.” He added: “As we got information, we acted…But of course, it’s painful. And of course, now I look back and I wish we had known more because we would have been able to do more. It’s as simple as that." New York, which has been considered the epicenter of the COVID-19 pandemic in the U.S., as of Thursday, reported more than 353,000 positive cases and more than 22,800 deaths. In New York City alone, as of Thursday, there were more than 195,000 positive cases of the novel coronavirus and more than 15,780 deaths. The Columbia University study revealed this week that if the United States had begun social distancing measures and lockdown measures just one week earlier than it did in March, would have died in the U.S. by early May. As of Thursday, the U.S. has reported more than 1.5 million positive cases of COVID-19, and more than 93,500 deaths. Meanwhile, last week, de Blasio said New York City won’t reopen before June “unless something miraculous happens." “Unless something miraculous happens, we’re going into June,” de Blasio said Monday, adding that New York City is “clearly not ready yet.” He added: “It’s fair to say by June we will make progress if we keep up what we have been doing.” De Blasio said last week that the earliest non-essential businesses in the city could open is June 7.
https://www.foxnews.com/world/stampede-coronavirus-aid-leaves-3-dead-sri-lanka|1 day ago|Stampede for coronavirus aid leaves 3 dead in Sri Lanka|Three women were trampled to death in Sri Lanka Thursday during a stampede that erupted while aid was being distributed to those affected by the outbreak. Police spokesman Jaliya Senaratne says the incident in the country’s capital of Colombo also left a few more people injured, while several were hospitalized. He added that police arrested six individuals who organized the aid distribution. The handouts were taking place in the Maligawatte neighborhood of Colombo, where most people drive three-wheeler taxis, run mobile kiosks or engage in daily-wage labor for a living, the Associated Press says. Many of the country’s residents have lost their jobs as a result of its coronavirus prevention measures. Sri Lanka, as of Thursday, has 1,045 coronavirus cases, with 9 deaths, .
https://www.foxnews.com/us/baltimore-pastor-rips-up-cease-and-desist-letter-mid-sermon-were-gonna-do-it-gods-way|1 day ago|Baltimore pastor rips up cease-and-desist letter mid-sermon: 'We're gonna do it God's way!'|A Baltimore pastor tore up a cease-and-desist letter mid-sermon Wednesday night after local officials threatened a $5,000 fine earlier in the week for holding in-person services. Gov. Larry Hogan announced last Friday that houses of worship could reopen at 50 percent capacity, citing declining hospitalizations related to the coronavirus pandemic. He left the timing up to local jurisdictions. The state has had more than 41,000 confirmed cases and at least 2,081 deaths. Stacey Shiflett, pastor of the 400-member Calvary Baptist Church in Dundalk, held a Wednesday night service. With more than 100 congregants in the 600-capacity sanctuary, Calvary was in compliance with Hogan's order but in defiance of the Baltimore County Department of Health and Human Services' order. "Either we have liberty to worship or we have permission to worship," Shiflett told Fox News about his decision. "It has become abundantly clear that if we settle for permission, we will never have liberty again." The Baptist pastor posted video of the shredding on Twitter, in which he can be heard preaching: "With this cease-and-desist letter in my hand, the Bible says to the New Testament church 'not forsaking the assembling of yourselves together as the manner of some is, but so much more as you see the day approaching,' and the closer we get to Jesus coming back, the more church we ought to be having, not less church." "Now that's God's parameters," he added. "So I'm tearing up this cease-and-desist order right here, and I'm telling you right now, we're gonna do it God's way! God tells us how to worship Him, nobody else gets to do that." Shiflett said a number of other churches in the state plan on reopening this Sunday during Memorial Day weekend and he is attending a ReOpen Maryland freedom rally Friday to offer a prayer after he was invited by organizers. "We're challenging our local officials to render the church essential so we can get our doors back open," he said as the Baltimore County executive reportedly reopened small businesses and other establishments Thursday. David Gibbs III of the National Center for Life and Liberty and legal counsel for Calvary Baptist told the local : “If Walmart's open, it’s time for the churches to be open.” The pastor doesn't plan on budging: "I don't plan on shutting the church. If they fine us, I'm not paying it. It's unconstitutional. They don't have a leg to stand on." Baltimore Mayor Jack Young extended the limiting public gatherings, including "spiritual" and "religious," to no more than 10 people. "We got a mayor saying we can only worship in our parking lots, which is ridiculous," Rev. Alvin Gwynn, pastor of Friendship Baptist in Baltimore City, told . The pastor said the police car parked outside his church is being used to intimidate him and the Friendship Baptist churchgoers. "The city has no legal standing," Gwynn told . "What are they going to do? Have officers come, and take body cameras and record you, and then go back and talk to their attorneys to see what they can do with them or not? That's nothing but intimidation." The Department of Justice California Gov. Gavin Newsom Tuesday that his order could discriminate against churches. “Simply put, there is no pandemic exception to the U.S. Constitution and its Bill of Rights,” wrote Assistant Attorney General Eric Dreiband. The battle to reopen houses of worship is being waged across states between state and local officials.
https://www.foxnews.com/media/sen-scott-blasts-cuomo-says-media-only-wants-to-attack-republicans-and-support-dems|1 day ago|Sen. Scott blasts Gov. Cuomo, says 'media wants to attack Republicans and support Democrats'|Sen. R-Fla., reacted on Thursday to Florida Gov. for its hostile coverage of his handling of the pandemic in his state, saying that “the media wants to attack Republicans and support Democrats.” “But you know what? Floridians, we're smart, we've been through disasters, we listen, we social distanced, and that's why our numbers are way lower,” Scott told " " on Thursday. As of Thursday morning, Florida had reported 47,471 coronavirus cases and 2,096 deaths, according to data compiled by Fox News. Scott made the comments one day after DeSantis touted Florida's improving data, citing Dr. , of the White House Coronavirus Task Force, who called it the "absolutely best data" among every state in the country. "So any insinuation otherwise is just typical, partisan narrative trying to be spun and part of the reason is that you've got a lot of people in your profession who waxed poetically for weeks and weeks about how Florida was going to be just like New York," DeSantis scolded reporters on Wednesday. "'Wait two weeks, Florida is going to be next. Just like Italy, wait two weeks.' Well hell, we're eight weeks away from that and it hasn't happened!" He went on to say that Florida “succeeded and I think that people just don't want to recognize it because it challenges their narrative, it challenges their assumption, so they've got to try and find a boogeyman.” New York reported 354,370 COVID-19 cases and 28,636 deaths as of Thursday morning, according to the data compiled by Fox News. Scott also blasted New York and his decision to keep the state mostly shutdown saying, “Quit telling us how to lead our lives, that's what Andrew Cuomo and these governors are trying to do.” “I mean, it doesn’t make any sense. We're smarter than that. Americans know what to do,” he continued, also criticizing New York's high taxes and poor fiscal policies for driving people away to places like Florida for years. "Now he says all those people who moved to Florida, we still want them to pay off New York’s budget problems. We’re not doing it. I'm going to fight this. It is wrong for Floridians. Floridians have to pay for California, Illinois or New York excesses; that's wrong," he argued. Scott made the comments reacting to a titled, “End New York City’s lockdown now!” “By prolonging the coronavirus shutdown long after its core mission was accomplished, Gov. Andrew Cuomo and have plunged tens of thousands of New Yorkers into poverty,” the op-ed said. “It needs to end. Now.” When host asked Scott if he thinks it’s time for the shutdown in New York to end he said, “Yes, absolutely.” “Let's get back to a job, let's get back to a normal life the way we wanted to do it,” he added.
https://www.foxnews.com/health/homemade-coronavirus-masks-tips-wash-face-covering-properly|April 14|Homemade coronavirus masks: Tips to wash your face covering properly|If you’re following the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention’s (CDC's) amid the epidemic in the U.S., you likely already know to wear either a homemade mask, bandana or some other cloth face covering when running essential errands, namely as a way to protect others from developing a COVID-19 infection. But equally as important as wearing a face covering is cleaning it properly after you’re back home. To make sure you’re following protocol as recommended by infectious disease and other medical specialists across the nation, read on for a look at some of the tips below. The first and most obvious method of cleaning a facial covering is by throwing it in a washing machine. “A washing machine should suffice in properly washing a face covering,” says the CDC, noting the mask should be “routinely washed depending on the frequency of use.” Viruses on clothes and fabrics are typically inactivated when washed in water at 140 degrees Fahrenheit, as per the World Health Organization's (WHO's) . But most at-home water heaters only reach 120 degrees Fahrenheit. This means it is extra important to use detergent, as well as chlorine or color-safe bleach to help decontaminate the fabric as best as possible, according to . Then, after washing, make sure to dry to mask at high heat in the dryer. Placing the face mask in boiling water is also an option, namely if a washing machine is not available. “Use a large pot and enough water to make sure it doesn’t all evaporate away. Leave the mask in the water for several minutes and swirl it around occasionally with tongs,” explained . Ironing the face mask at high heat can also be helpful when attempting to disinfect it, , an assistant professor in the department of hygiene at the Medical University of Varna, told the . Hand washing the mask is also a possibility. Lather the fabric with hot water and soap and scrub it vigorously for at least 20 seconds, and use hot air to dry it.
https://www.foxnews.com/health/north-dakota-man-plasma-donation-coronavirus-recovery|1 day ago|North Dakota coronavirus survivor credits plasma donation for recovery|Gene Bad Hawk phoned loved ones on May 5 asking for prayers before entering the hospital for the fourth time due to complications from In the 20 days since the North Dakota man’s diagnosis, he suffered from high fevers, persistent headaches, nausea, diarrhea and had hardly any appetite, Then Bad Hawk became dehydrated and lost 26 pounds. “I thought I was going to die,” he told the . On the fourth visit, Bad Hawk’s conditions worsened, with low blood-oxygen levels and shortness of breath. Given his low blood-oxygen levels, doctors at Essentia Health decided to administer a convalescent plasma transfusion with neutralizing antibodies to help fight the disease, according to the news outlet. Bad Hawk said he felt a little better the next morning, and at the end of the day he reportedly felt good enough to eat his first meal in 10 days. He was discharged on May 8, and 11 days later he told the outlet he didn’t have any symptoms. Bad Hawk credits the treatment with saving his life. The experimental plasma treatment is only administered to coronavirus patients with low blood oxygen levels, Dr. Karol Kremens, pulmonologist and director of the intensive care unit at Essentia Health, told the Duluth News Tribune. While some initial treatments have been encouraging, there is no clear proof the treatment is effective, Kremens said. Of six patients who received plasma donations at Essentia Health in Fargo, N.D., two died, Kremens told the news outlet. Health officials in Fargo work with Vitalant, a nonprofit blood bank that serves the region’s hospitals. Several reports surfaced in late April of critically ill coronavirus patients recovering after plasma treatments as well, like . Prior to the transfusion, the patients — Renee Bannister, 63, and Andy Fei, 61 — required a ventilator and the prognosis for both was "grim," according to a statement from Virtua Health. Bannister saw improvement almost immediately; her oxygen flow improved within hours after the plasma donation, and within five days her vital signs returned to normal ranges. Bannister was removed from the ventilator after 11 days and was moved to a rehabilitation center before making her way home. Fei was taken off the ventilator about nine days after receiving the plasma donation, according to the doctor who treated him, Dr. Eric Sztejman. Similarly, improved within a few hours after the plasma donation. Previously, the patient had relied on maximum support from a ventilator. Duluth News Tribune said the plasma treatment is "viewed as an interim treatment" while the search for an effective vaccine against COVID-19 continues.
https://video.foxnews.com/v/6158288270001/|__clean_error__|__clean_error__|
https://www.foxnews.com/media/pennsylvania-house-speaker-lockdown-caused-economic-collapse-nursing-home-deaths|1 day ago|Pennsylvania House speaker: State's lockdown caused 'economic collapse' while failing the most vulnerable|Republican House Speaker Mike Turzai said it's a “tragedy" that 70 percent of deaths in the Keystone State have at nursing homes, personal care homes and assisted living residences, while businesses are collapsing. “The disappointing thing for me is that we kept asking, in fact, I wrote letters, specifically asking [Health Secretary Rachel Levine] for the statistics coming out of those particular facilities and we weren't provided with those until, really, almost late April,” Turzai told “ .” Turzai said that “it was clear” Levine knew about a delay in the state legislature receiving the death statistics, while she made a to remove her 95-year-old mother from a “personal care home.” “That should have been made public and the public should have been alerted about the rampant deaths in senior care facilities," Turzai said. Turzai said that the state’s House legislature passed the “Senior Protection Act” by a vote of 201-1, which academic medical centers across the state – including the University of Pennsylvania and Temple University – to “collaboratively" take responsibility for infection control, testing, surveillance and to supplant "clinical boots on the ground.” "We need to save these people," Turzai said. Turzai's comments came after State Sen. Doug Mastriano the administration of Democratic Gov. Tom Wolf for its response to the Tuesday, telling " " the "Keystone Kops are running the Keystone State." Mastriano has led calls for the resignation of Levine, who admitted last week that she had moved her 95-year-old mother from a senior care facility into a hotel suite as the coronavirus ravaged nursing and personal care homes in the state. Mastriano noted that Levine and Wolf had correctly surmised that older, sicker people would be more susceptible to the coronavirus. However, Levine still put out a memo on March 18 directing nursing homes to re-admit COVID-positive patients to their facilities in order to free up hospital beds. Turzai said that there has been a failure in the Department of Health with respect to the most vulnerable. “It’s quite simple. We could have been working with the academic medical centers from the get-go if we would have been upfront about the statistics and really upfront about where we need to focus our efforts.” Furthermore, Turzai said that 2.2 million Pennsylvanians are out of work, which is over 30 percent of the workforce. Turzai also said that 80 percent of the 143 coronavirus-related deaths in his native Allegheny County have come from nursing home settings. “Increased drug addiction, mental illness, alcoholism, domestic violence, breakdown of the family, the fact of the matter is, if we would’ve targeted right from the get-go those vulnerable in those particular senior settings, we would’ve been addressing much of the crisis for COVID without the economic collapse we’ve seen in our state.”
https://www.foxnews.com/us/massachusetts-mom-meets-baby-after-beating-coronavirus|2 days ago|Massachusetts mother who beat coronavirus meets baby one month after giving birth|A mother who contracted the while she was pregnant says her “heart was skipping” this week when she finally got to hold her new child – 28 days after he was born. Sarah Chama delivered the boy, named Alex, by cesarean section at the UMass Memorial Medical Center in in late April. She checked into the facility at 26 weeks pregnant after experiencing dizziness. She tested positive for COVID-19 and, after her health deteriorated, Chama was put on a ventilator. "My heart was skipping when I held him," Chama told on Wednesday after meeting her son for the first time. "I can't explain the feeling. I don't even know what to say. It's overwhelming." Alex was born 2 pounds, 8 ounces at 27.5 weeks, and has since been gaining weight as he spends more time in the hospital’s neonatal intensive care unit. Chama, meanwhile, expects to be discharged next week after recovering from the coronavirus. "It felt like forever, not knowing how your child is and all that," she told WFXT from her hospital bed. "It was a painful experience to go through. I wouldn't wish it on anyone." Chama is hoping Alex’s older brother and sister can meet him in a few weeks.
https://www.foxnews.com/politics/mich-ag-tells-trump-to-wear-mask|1 day ago|Michigan AG tells Trump to wear mask while visiting Ford plant: It's 'the law'|Michigan's attorney general urged to wear a face mask when he visits the state Thursday to and to adhere to 's coronavirus executive order, telling the commander in chief that he has a "legal responsibility" to follow the law. Dana Nessel, a Democrat, penned an open letter to Trump Wednesday asking him to follow the face-covering policy of Ford Motor Co. and of the state of Michigan. Trump has not been pictured wearing a face mask in public and said he's taking hydroxychloroquine, an unproven COVID-19 drug, as a preventative measure to ward off the contagious virus. “While my Department will not act to prevent you from touring Ford’s plant, I ask that while you are on tour you respect the great efforts of the men and women at Ford – and across this state – by wearing a facial covering," "It is not just the policy of Ford, by virtue of the Governor’s Executive Orders. It is currently the law of this State." Meanwhile, Whitmer hit back at Trump for threatening to withhold federal funds to Michigan amid the pandemic and mass flooding in central Michigan after two dams broke this week. "To have this kind of distraction is just ridiculous to be honest... threatening to take money away from a state that is hurting as bad as we are right now is just scary, and I think something that is unacceptable," Whitmer told CBS News' This Morning. Trump made the threat on Twitter stating that Michigan is in trouble for sending out absentee ballots to voters, which he deems ripe for voter fraud. Like other states, Michigan sent out absentee applications, not ballots. Trump corrected his tweet — but the threat to withhold federal dollars to Michigan stood. Michigan's secretary of state said Trump is still wrong. But the issue of whether Trump will wear a mask has been front and center before Trump visits the critical swing state. Michigan has been especially hard hit by the coronavirus, with more than 50,000 confirmed cases and 5,000 deaths. Everyone, including Trump, has an obligation to follow the law, the attorney general said. "We must all do our part to stop the spread of COVID-19," Nessel wrote. "Anyone who has potentially been recently exposed, including the President of the United States, has not only a legal responsibility, but also a social and moral responsibility, to take reasonable precautions to prevent further spread of the virus.” Rep. Debbie Dingell, D-Mich, also urged Trump to wear a mask as he visits her district. "The spread is real," Dingell said Thursday. "No one is above these steps, and it is my respectful wish that Trump and his entire team take these protocols seriously. Their actions do have consequences, and wearing the masks might save a life." On Thursday afternoon, Trump is expected to tour a Ford Motor Co. plant in Ypsilanti Township that had to stop making automobiles during the pandemic but reconfigured in April to make ventilators. Ford said it will deliver 50,000 ventilators by mid-July to help with the coronavirus response. The plant has strict protocols in place for its employees. Workers must take a questionnaire daily and certify that they don't have symptoms before entering the workplace. Upon arrival, employees have a no-touch temperature scan. All employees wear a face mask at work. Safety glasses with side shields or face shields are also required for positions that don't allow for social distancing. While other White House staff have been wearing masks in the wake of West Wing staffers getting infected, Trump has resisted using one in public. Asked Tuesday if he would wear a mask at the Ford plant, Trump said: “I don’t know.” He added: "It depends on [the] situation. So we'll see. Where it's appropriate, I would do it. Certainly."
https://www.foxnews.com/health/2-day-old-baby-dies-from-coronavirus-in-south-africa-first-neonatal-covid-19-mortality|1 day ago|2-day-old baby dies from coronavirus in South Africa|A 2-day-old premature baby in South Africa has died from COVID-19, the government announced. The death marks the country’s first neonatal mortality from COVID-19. The baby had lung difficulties and required support from a ventilator immediately after birth, according to an The mother tested positive for the novel coronavirus as well, said Dr. Zweli Mkhize, South Africa's minister of health. Mkhize emphasized the baby’s underlying condition of prematurity. As of May 20, the number of confirmed COVID-19 cases in South Africa was 18,003.
https://www.foxnews.com/media/new-jersey-gym-owners-shut-down-murphy-fox-friends|2 days ago|New Jersey gym owners shut down by state after defying lockdown: Governor has 'no legal precedent'|After the State shut down Atilis Gym, the gym's owners vowed Thursday to open again despite pressure from and his continuing lockdown orders. In an interview on ," Ian Smith and Frank Trumbetti promised that this was just a "bump in the road" for them and that they are standing firm in their convictions as their fight the state's decision. "You know, we opened on Monday. We stayed open Tuesday and we stayed open on Wednesday. And, Murphy does not have a legal precedent to shut us down. So, he's resorted to calling in the Health Department," Smith explained. He added that they knew they were doing the right thing because of the Health Department's "scare tactic," but would "not defy a health order." According to Trumbetti, the original wording of the Democratic governor's executive stay-at-home order legally allowed for Atilis Gym to reopen because they could still "remain closed to the public" while admitting their members. "But, Mr. Murphy has made sure the actually that whoever’s in control of the Board of Health has actually worded it properly this time, and they have actually stated that we are not allowed to actually have members of the public or members of our gym," he pointed out. "So, at this moment, we stand by…everything we've done we believe is not ." At least one member of the Bellmawr gym and others were fined exiting the facility. Smith and Trumbetti have received two summonses over the past two days. So far, the gym has for legal fees from supporters of their stance. "Yeah, we absolutely expected this to go on," Smith told the "Friends" hosts. "You know, we knew from the onset that legally we had the right to be open and that there was no precedent to shut us down and that our rights under the are protected. "So, we kind of expected this to be a last resort when we’ve proved that there's no legal precedent to shut us down. It's something that we definitely expected, yes," he concluded. Trumbetti and Smith said they were looking into a following Murphy's Wednesday news conference addressing the issue.
https://www.foxnews.com/politics/several-gop-senators-press-for-more-stimulus-payments-during-coronavirus-crisis|2 days ago|Several GOP senators press for more stimulus payments during coronavirus crisis|Senate Majority Leader has sought to hit pause on the government’s massive spending for -related relief packages, but several of his Republican colleagues are pushing for additional stimulus measures during the economic crisis. McConnell told reporters earlier this month that after already spending close to $3 trillion, “take a pause” to assess the current situation, which includes a rising national debt, but a contingent of GOP senators has supported moving forward with another relief package. “Our bill would help offset the collapse of state and local revenues resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic,” Sen. Susan Collins, R-Maine, said on the Senate floor Wednesday, pointing to rising unemployment and hits to sectors of the economy such as agriculture, hospitality, tourism and others. “Congress has a tremendous responsibility to help mitigate the impact of this crisis on our states and our local communities and on the families they serve,” she said. “We must not wait. We should act now.” Sen. Cory Gardner, R-Colo., slammed the decision for the Senate to go on recess before taking action on another relief bill. “Anyone who thinks now is the time to go on recess hasn’t been listening,” he tweeted, adding that before the recess the Senate should pass another stimulus bill, tackle the “ongoing public health crisis with nursing homes & assisted living centers,” and fix the Payroll Protection Program meant to provide forgivable loans to small businesses. Sen. Josh Hawley, R-Mo., is pushing for Congress to pay workers up to 80 percent of their pay up to the national median wage, reported. “I have made no secret about it. I think that we need to act sooner rather than later on employment,” he said. A number of Republicans see the current crisis as an opportunity to improve infrastructure while boosting the economy at the same time. “Personally, I’d like to see infrastructure,” Sen. Roy Blunt, R-Mo., told . “If we’re going to have to spend money to reignite the economy, I’d prefer to spend it on something that has long-term benefit.” Sen. Roger Wicker, R-Miss., also told CNN the Senate should “seriously consider putting part of the infrastructure bill” into a “phase four” relief package that he said could happen next month. “I think June doesn't need to come and go without a phase four,” he said. Sen. Lindsey Graham, R-S.C., told the network that he too supports putting money into infrastructure now and that this is “a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to give a facelift to the country.” The House, meanwhile, has already passed a $3 trillion HEROES Act that would provide additional stimulus payments to Americans on top of the ones from the recent CARES Act. Republicans have mocked the new bill as bloated with Democratic "wishlist" items including provisions related to immigration and the cannabis industry. McConnell has said that while he is not ready to pass another relief package just yet, he is “not ruling that out” for the future.
https://www.foxnews.com/politics/alabama-city-files-for-bankruptcy-amid-coronavirus-woes|2 days ago|Alabama city files for bankruptcy amid coronavirus woes|The city of Fairfield, , has filed for bankruptcy, becoming the latest in the state to do so. Mayor Eddie Penny said his city, which is home to roughly 11,000 people, had been struggling financially for years, but the pandemic has made matters worse, forcing businesses to shutter. “Our expenses greatly exceeded our revenues, so we’re just seeking a fresh start,” Penny said, according to . “It gives an opportunity to reorganize, reassess our finances.” Fairfield, a suburb of Birmingham, filed for Chapter 9 protection, citing between $1 million and $10 million in liabilities and between 200 and 999 creditors. At least a dozen cities or counties in the state have gone this route in the past 30 years according to AL.com. Jefferson County, where Fairfield is located, filed for bankruptcy in 2011. At the time, it was the largest government bankruptcy ever with $4.23 billion of debt. Now Fairfield owes the county more than $1.7 million. Jefferson County Commission President Jimmie Stephens told The Associated Press that officials are exploring various ways the city can reorganize and recover. “There’s talks of dissolving and going back into Jefferson County. There’s talks of merging with other municipalities. There’s talks of restructuring their debt,” he said.
https://www.foxnews.com/us/illinois-bars-restaurants-reopening-moved-earlier|2 days ago|Illinois bars, restaurants can reopen a month earlier with outdoor seating, Pritzker says|restaurants and bars looking to reopen their outdoor dining areas during the pandemic will now be allowed to do so a month earlier than expected, the state’s governor says. announced Wednesday the parts of the food industry have been moved to Phase 3 of the state's reopening plans, which are expected to begin May 29. Previously, restrictions on restaurants and bars in Illinois were not scheduled to be lifted until Phase 4, slated to begin in late June, according to Fox32 Chicago. "After listening to and working with restaurant industry representatives together with our epidemiologists, today I’m announcing an additional option for bars and restaurants interested in resuming operations earlier: opening for outdoor seating when Phase 3 begins, likely for everyone just nine days from now," . “With the right restrictions, tables six feet apart and away from the sidewalks, masks and distancing measures for staff and other precautions, the experts believe that these services can open at a risk comparable to other outdoor activities and give our hospitality industry a much-needed boost as they work to keep their businesses on their feet during this terrible crisis,” . The Illinois Restaurant Association has been pushing Pritzker to accelerate the state’s reopening plans for those in the food service industry. Sam Toia, its president, told the change announced this week “provides a glimmer of light at the end of this very dark tunnel.” Pritzker is also calling on local governments to assist businesses in expanding their outdoor seating. “Do whatever is in their power and best fits their communities to help these restaurants,” he said during his press conference Wednesday, according to Fox32 Chicago.
https://www.foxnews.com/health/coronavirus-survivor-had-pandemic-explained-to-him-after-coma-daughter-says|2 days ago|Coronavirus survivor had to have pandemic explained to him after coma, daughter says|A patient in the U.K. who was in an induced coma for four weeks and placed on a ventilator had to have the pandemic explained to him when he woke up, his family said. Brian Harvey, 69, first came down with an illness and was admitted to Bristol Royal Infirmary in March, according to SWNS. The following day, he was placed in an induced coma, and wasn’t diagnosed with COVID-19 until several days later, according to the outlet. “Dad was in a coma for four weeks, and he didn’t respond for another week,” Faye Stapleton, Harvey’s daughter, told SWNS. “We had a horrific phone call from the doctor, where they were going to send him for brain scans. He was on a ventilator when they tried to wake him up. It’s been heart-wrenching.” Harvey didn’t realize he had COVID-19 nor the full extent of the crisis that had unfolded while he was in a coma. The U.K. has seen over 248,000 cases of coronavirus, and more than 35,700 deaths. In Bristol, where there have been nearly 700 cases, schools were closed, waste services were suspended, and life as he had known it had shut down while he was sick. “He didn’t even know about coronavirus when he woke up,” Stapleton told SWNS. “We had to explain to him that there was a virus out there, explain that everything was shut.” Harvey, who was dubbed “Teflon Man” by staffers who were helping to care for him, started battling to get his health back and is now undergoing physical therapy to help him regain his strength. His daughter said when he FaceTimed family members, he was confused as to why they were so upset. Patients who are 65 and older and those with underlying health conditions are considered to be most at risk for severe illness due to COVID-19. suggests these populations stay home if possible, wash hands often and keep 6-feet between themselves and others. “I don’t think any of the [nurses] thought he was going to make it,” she told SWNS. “The ICU nurse who saw him at the start said to him: ‘You’re made of strong stuff — you’re like Teflon.’” Stapleton said her father contracted another infection in his heart that will take several more weeks to recover from.
https://www.foxnews.com/sports/lee-westwood-miss-pga-tour-events-quarantine-restrictions|2 days ago|Lee Westwood willing to miss PGA Tour events over quarantine restrictions for international players: 'Not worth it'|English Lee Westwood says he will be missing three events on the starting next month because of strict quarantine restrictions that international players are forced to undergo. Westwood, 47, spoke bluntly during an interview with the Golf Channel on Tuesday, saying it’s “just not worth it” to have to quarantine for several weeks at a time just to play a few days in the United States. "Right now, I won't be playing them," Westwood said of the Charles Schwab Challenge beginning on June 11 and the RBC Heritage slated for the following week. “Not with having to leave here two weeks before, quarantine, then play the two tournaments, then come back here and quarantine again.” Under the current guidelines, players will have to quarantine for two weeks before being cleared to participate, which would mean that Westwood would need to arrive on Monday in order to even be eligible for the first event, reported. The world's No. 31-ranked golfer would then have to quarantine for another two weeks upon returning to Britain. “It's six weeks for two tournaments," Westwood said. To me, that's just not worth it, and it's just not worth taking the risk and everyone thinks those kind of precautions have to be in place, I don't think golf is a priority if it's that severe." The restrictions, if still in place by August, would mean that Westwood would also be forced to miss out on the rescheduled PGA Championship in San Francisco because he won’t have enough time for the mandatory two-week quarantine with the British Masters taking place just a week before. Westwood is hosting the event and said it will likely take place with no spectators. “We can't afford anything to go wrong," he said, "and this virus to spread any more than it has done.”
https://www.foxnews.com/us/bison-injures-woman-yellowstone-national-park-reopening-coronavirus|2 days ago|Bison injures woman at Yellowstone National Park just two days after partial reopening|Just two days after partially reopened amid the pandemic, a woman was injured by a after getting too close to the animal, officials said. The woman was visiting the park Wednesday when she approached a bison in the Old Faithful Upper Geyser Basin and was knocked to the ground, park officials . Park medics responded and evaluated the woman, who chose not to go to a hospital, the release said. Officials did not name the woman and no details on her injuries were given. The park instructs visitors to stay at least 25 yards away from all large animals, the release said. It is investigating the incident, which marked the first time a bison injured a park visitor this year. Earlier this month, when the park was still closed, a woman after accidentally falling into a thermal feature near Old Faithful Geyser. On Monday, Yellowstone National Park entered its first phase of reopening, weeks after its March 24 closure due to the coronavirus outbreak. The limited Phase 1 reopening, of a three-phase plan, encourages guests to “follow all CDC and local health guidance by practicing good hygiene and social distancing,” officials . The park recommends wearing a face covering when social distancing is not possible. Wyoming, where most of Yellowstone is located, lifted out-of-state quarantine orders before requesting that park entrances in the state reopen. However, the park’s West, North and Northeast entrances in Montana and Idaho remain closed due to 14-day quarantine mandates for out-of-state visitors. The park is working closely with states and counties to reopen the remaining three entrances as soon as possible.
https://video.foxnews.com/v/6158265379001/|__clean_error__|__clean_error__|
https://www.foxnews.com/sports/ohio-state-football-stadium-fans-guidelines-relaxed-ad|2 days ago|Ohio State football stadium could house up to 50,000 fans 'if guidelines are relaxed' by fall: athletic director|athletic director Gene Smith is optimistic that Buckeyes fans will be in the stands this fall, so much so that believes the stadium will be at nearly half capacity “if guidelines are relaxed.” Smith told reporters on Wednesday that the university has run several social distancing models that would allow at least 20,000 fans in the stands and up to 50,000 if state and federal guidelines lighten up by the start of the season, according to . “We've played with that a little bit as a framework to start as we move forward and think about what we'd ultimately be allowed to do," Smith said of Ohio Stadium which seats 102,780. "We're fortunate, with 100,000 seats in the stadium," Smith continued. "So could we implement the current CDC guidelines, state guidelines around physical distancing, mask requirements and all those types of things in an outdoor environment and have obviously significantly less fans than we are used to? I think it's possible.” But Smith thinks if any athletic program can pull it off -- its Ohio State’s. “I just feel like we have the talent and skill and space capacity to provide an opportunity for a certain number of fans to have access to our particular stadium. Of course, that wouldn't be true across the country because of capacity. But I think we can get there." So if the university is forced to run with a model on the low end of the capacity estimates, who gets priority seating? Smith said there’s already a points system in place but that after that, the university will look at the athletes families, students and faculty first. "Our point system has held the test of time, so that would probably be one. Then, of course, the parents and the guests of our student-athletes and coaches would be a high priority. We'd come up with a strategy, but we haven't nailed that down."
https://www.foxnews.com/media/tom-cotton-kamala-harris-wuhan-virus-china|2 days ago|Tom Cotton hits back at Kamala Harris' new proposal: It shows Dems have 'no answers' for China's rise|Sen. Tom Cotton said on Thursday that he objects to ’ newly resolution to deem the phrase “Wuhan Virus” xenophobic, arguing it shows the Democrats' overall lack of a strategy to deal with China as a threat to the United States. “Wuhan is just a city, it’s not even a people,” Cotton, R-Ark., told “ ” “I guess she’s going to have to call out Lyme disease for being anti-Connecticut or even maybe Legionnaires' disease for being anti-veteran or Zika since Zika is a forest in Africa," Cotton said. Cotton's comments came after Sen. , D-Calif., introduced a resolution condemning “anti-Asian sentiment as related to COVID-19,” including use of the phrase “Wuhan Virus.” The former presidential candidate introduced the bill on behalf of a number of Democrats to condemn “all manifestations or expressions of racism, xenophobia, discrimination, anti-Asian sentiment, scapegoating, and ethnic or religious intolerance” and “to expeditiously investigate and document all credible reports of hate crimes, incidents, and threats against the Asian American and Pacific Islander community in the United States.” The resolution claims a study found over 400 cases of anti-Asian discrimination related to COVID-19 between Feb. 7 and March 9. The resolution takes particular aim at phrases such as “Wuhan virus,” “Chinese virus” and “Kung Flu” for perpetrating “anti-Asian stigma.” It calls on the U.S. to “recommit” to building an inclusive society by “prioritizing language access and inclusivity in communication practices.” President Trump began calling COVID-19 “Chinese Virus” soon after rumors began circulating among Chinese officials that coronavirus found its origin in the U.S. Army, and he rejected objections from the media that the term might be “racist.” However, he said in late March that if China continued to protest the name, he’d stop using it. Cotton said that aside from the "political correctness run amok," there is a "more serious point" that the Democrats do not know how to deal with China as a threat against the U.S. “The Democrats want to wave their arms and say that this is racist or xenophobic and that’s because they don’t have an answer for China’s rise and the threat that China poses to us. Joe Biden, as we said, has been weak on China for 30 years. So they want to have politically correct distractions to distract people from his terrible record on China,” Cotton said. Meanwhile, Republicans have sought to hold China accountable for withholding information in the early days of coronavirus. On Tuesday, Sen. Josh Hawley, R-Mo., introduced a bill that would allow Americans to sue the Chinese government over its coronavirus handling. "They suppressed the evidence. They suppressed the doctors. They jailed the doctors even. And now we're dealing with this terrible disease," the senator said. "So the victims of this disease in our country ought to be able to go to our courts and sue the Chinese government to hold them accountable and to get damages for it."
https://www.foxnews.com/media/new-jersey-salon-owner-lawsuit-gov-murphy-shutdown|2 days ago|New Jersey salon owner joins lawsuit against Gov. Murphy over 'arbitrary' shutdown: We're being 'completely ignored'|A salon owner told “ ” on Thursday that she joined a class-action lawsuit against because she doesn’t think it is fair that salons are closed amid the pandemic while other businesses in the state begin to reopen. “I feel like it's arbitrary,” said Kelly Anello, the owner of Razberri Hair & Nail Design in Toms River, N.J. She explained that “when this all started, I was more than happy to close the doors of my business” to “do what’s best for the health” of the community and her family. “And now I'm starting to see him [Gov. Murphy] pick and choose [which] businesses [can] open,” Anello, a mother of four children, said. “You can go to , you can get your dog groomed, now, more recently, you can go to the boardwalk to a public bathroom, you can go to a garden center, but you can't get your hair cut,” she noted. On Monday, Murphy unveiled what he called a three-stage blueprint to reopen the economy from the COVID-19 shutdown, but gave no timeline on when stages would advance. He did, however, say moving from more restrictive practices in stage one to stage two would be a “matter of weeks.” He has begun relaxing restrictions across the state, with nonessential construction able to resume and nonessential retail businesses to reopen for curbside pickup beginning this week. He also announced last week that in time for the Memorial Day holiday weekend. Anello questions why salons are not yet allowed to resume business, especially since “salons are under a license” and “are extremely clean.” “We get surprise visits by the Division of Consumer Affairs,” she noted. “It's safer than a boardwalk bathroom, I can tell you that,” said Anello, who employs 36 people. Anello said that two of her children are in college, which makes the situation even more challenging especially since her salon has been closed for two months with “no income coming in.” “You save for a rainy day, you save for a rainy month, you don't save for a rainy two months and now, who knows, going on three,” she said. “I feel like the salon industry has been ignored, completely ignored,” Anello added. She went on to say that by keeping salons closed as “the numbers are flattening,” the “governor has created kitchen beauticians and garage barbers.” “People are desperate for services, they’re getting them done anyway. It's safer in the salon, period,” Anello said. Gov. Murphy did not immediately respond to Fox News’ request for comment.
https://www.foxnews.com/media/judge-andrew-napolitano-nyc-lockdown-enough|2 days ago|'Enough is enough': Judge Napolitano reacts to calls for NYC lockdown to end|It's high time for -- and America -- to return to "normal society" with and safety measures in place to help mitigate the spread of the virus, Fox News senior judicial analyst said Thursday. In an interview on with hosts Brian Kilmeade, Steve Doocy, and Ainsley Earhardt, Napolitano said that "enough is enough" and raised doubts about governmental guidance on coronavirus mandates. "What if they have the medicine wrong? What if the masks that we're all wearing don't stop COVID-19? What if by staying home week after week and now into our second month we’re actually weakening our immunity rather than strengthening it?" he asked. In a , Napolitano questioned state and local response to the pandemic, aiming to "prod the government" and "prod people into realizing enough is enough." "What if we’d be happier if we took care of ourselves rather than the government taking care of us? What if, to a or a sales clerk, a barbershop or a retail store is essential? What if the government has no business deciding what's essential and what isn't essential? What if we made those decisions ourselves?" Napolitano asked the "Friends" hosts. Thursday's seemed to echo Napolitano's sentiments. "The Big Apple is dying...It needs to end now," the headline read. Napolitano said he "could not agree more." "It's time for all of us to come back to our normal society with concerns for the spread of the contagion. We can live with social distancing and operate our and go to and go to and ride mass transit and liven up those streets again," he said. "But, we have a in New York that loves asserting power and controlling people. Even to the point of sending police to disrupt organizations in the middle of the ceremony," Napolitano noted. "This is not right and it's got to end," he concluded. "Enough is enough." In April, Mayor Bill de Blasio of hundreds of mourners who had gathered for the funeral of a rabbi who had died from coronavirus. New York is still very much the epicenter of the . The Empire State alone of the national death toll and confirmed tri-state area deaths now exceed 37,000 people. Deaths across the United States now total more than 93,000.
https://www.foxnews.com/politics/pelosi-schumer-trump-lower-flags-coronavirus-deaths|2 days ago|Pelosi, Schumer preemptively call on Trump to lower flags once US reaches 100,000 coronavirus deaths|on Thursday wrote to President Trump calling for him to lower flags to half-staff when the coronavirus death toll hits the grim 100,000 milestone -- describing such a move as a “national expression of grief.” “This weekend, we will observe Memorial Day -- an occasion of great importance as we honor the men and women who were willing to make the ultimate sacrifice for our country,” the letter from and said. “As we pay our respects to them, sadly, our country mourns the deaths of nearly 100,000 Americans from COVID-19. Our hearts are broken over this great loss and our prayers are with their families,” it reads. “Respectful of them and the loss to our country, we are writing to request that you order flags to be flown at half staff on all public buildings in our country on the sad day of reckoning when we reach 100,000 deaths,” the leaders said. “It would serve as a national expression of grief so needed by everyone in our country.” The letter comes as the death toll in the U.S. has reached 93,000 deaths, according to Johns Hopkins University, and is expected to exceed 100,000 next week. Trump had warned earlier this month that the death toll could hit 100,000, and has separately noted that 100,000 is significantly that suggested as many as 2 million could die if the government did not act at the onset of the crisis. "Look, we're going to lose anywhere from 75, 80 to 100,000 people," he said. "That's a horrible thing. We shouldn't lose one person out of this." Schumer and Pelosi made their request to Trump as their relationship with the White House has sunk to new lows. While Congress and Trump worked together on past bipartisan coronavirus relief measures, the leaders have since entered a round of name-calling. Pelosi said this week that Trump shouldn't take hydroxychloroquine as a preventative measure against coronavirus as he is " ." On Tuesday, Trump punched back. "Pelosi is a sick woman," Trump said. "She's got a lot of problems -- a lot of mental problems."
https://www.foxnews.com/politics/coronavirus-deaths-in-u-s|2 days ago|Coronavirus stats underscore how disease takes disproportionate toll on elderly, largely spares younger Americans|As the debate builds over when and how to reverse the shutdowns and stay-at-home orders meant to slow the spread of the , government statistics show the poses a significant danger to older generations yet largely spares those in their middle age or younger. While this disparity was previously known, statistics released as the pandemic goes on starkly illustrate its real-life effects. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) statistics show more than 80 percent of those dying of the virus are over 65 years old. The CDC on its reports 68,998 total deaths in the U.S. as of May 16, with 55,651 of those deaths, or 80.6 percent, covering people over 65 years old. The CDC's official count is lower than the actual number of American coronavirus deaths, which is now upward of 90,000, "because of the lag in time between when the death occurred and when the death certificate is completed, submitted to NCHS and processed for reporting purposes." But the agency's reporting underscores prior warnings that the coronavirus generally hits the elderly the hardest. The numbers in individual states, which are reported more quickly and often in more detail, can be even starker, some observers have pointed out. In as of May 17, for example, 87.4 percent of reported deaths are in people 65 years old or older, and 44 percent of deaths have been in people over 84 years old. Just over half of Pennsylvania's deaths have occurred in hospitals, but a whopping 43.4 percent have happened at long-term care facilities. In , 21,177 of 87,925 confirmed coronavirus cases, or 24 percent, are in people 70 years old and above. Of those who have died, 5,058 of 5,938 are aged 70 and above — or 85 percent. Those numbers also represent a striking rate of mortality among people over 70 years old of nearly 24 percent, at least in Massachusetts' official numbers. Just 1.5 percent of reported deaths in Massachusetts are among people aged 50-59. Counts at both the national and state level are complicated by factors including different methods of reporting, deaths as other illnesses, incomplete testing that leaves many who have come down with the virus but have no or only minor symptoms uncounted and time lag as information trickles up between different agencies and governments. But the numbers still illustrate that older Americans who catch the disease are in significant danger while their younger counterparts are at much less risk. This was a point made by Dr. Simone Gold, an emergency medicine specialist based in Los Angeles, in a conversation with Fox News on Wednesday. Gold is the co-founder of "A Doctor a Day," a group of doctors who over the potential health harms of the measures. "When you look at the data of the deaths and the critically ill, they are patients who were very sick to begin with," she said, "There's always exceptions. ... But when you look at the pure numbers, it's overwhelmingly patients who are in nursing homes and patients with serious underlying conditions. Meaning, that that's where our resources should be spent. I think it's terribly unethical... part of the reason why we let [the virus] fly through the nursing homes is because we're diverting resources across society at large. We have limited resources, we should put them where it's killed people." People of all ages, of course, have been shown to catch the coronavirus. And there have been reported health complications even in children that could potentially be . National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases Director Dr. Anthony Fauci in a Senate hearing last week warned that it is still unclear if there could be long-term harm to children associated with the coronavirus. “We don't know everything about this virus … especially when it comes to children,” in the Senate hearing. “We ought to be careful and not cavalier.” out of work due to the economic shutdowns, hospitals deftly managing their coronavirus caseloads without being overwhelmed and some doctors who oppose the shutdowns warning that the health effects of forcing people to stay at home are becoming a "mass casualty incident," some are aggressively angling to lift the restrictions soon. Fauci, on the other hand, has touted reopening guidelines released by the White House which require states to have two uninterrupted weeks of declining case numbers before proceeding to the first, limited reopening phase. States would then have to continue to meet certain benchmarks before opening further. "As I have said many times publicly, what we have worked out is a guideline framework for how to open America again,” Fauci said at the last week. "If some areas – cities, states or what have you – jump over those barriers, checkpoints and prematurely open up without having the capability of being able to respond effectively, and efficiently, my concern is that we will start to see little spikes that might turn into outbreaks." Fauci, the face of the White House coronavirus task force, added that places that reopen early could bring about preventable "suffering and death" and "turn the clock back instead of going forward." The battle over sending children back to school, adults back to their offices and letting people engage in activities like eating out or attending sporting events has led to passionate differences in opinion among government officials, medical experts and the general population. President Trump has repeatedly said he wants to "reopen our country" while some governors have vowed not to fully reopen until there is a vaccine or a treatment for the coronavirus. "Until either a proven vaccine is in our midst or proven therapeutics are widely available, we cannot firmly enter the new normal, which eventually awaits us when life will once again return to all of our workplaces, downtowns and main streets," New Jersey Gov. Phil Murphy said in a press conference earlier this week. "Most importantly, we will continue to be guided by the principle that public health creates economic health. And if we begin to see a backslide in public health, we will have to also pull back on the reins of our restart." Most medical experts, including Fauci, have urged caution as states move to reopen, but some are becoming more concerned about the health effects of continuing the lockdowns. against the coronavirus restrictions have swept through many state capitals, but an -NORC Center for Public Affairs Research poll released Tuesday found 83 percent of Americans are at least somewhat concerned that lifting restrictions in their area will lead to additional infections, with 54 percent saying they are very or extremely concerned that such steps will result in a spike of COVID-19 cases.
https://www.foxnews.com/us/new-orleans-police-recruit-father-died-coronavirus-graduates-badge|2 days ago|New Orleans police recruit whose father died from coronavirus graduates with his badge number|A recruit is honoring his father, also a cop, who died from the , carrying on his legacy by wearing his same badge number at his academy graduation on Wednesday. Mark Hall Jr. lost his father, veteran NOPD Officer Mark Hall Sr., just a day before his class was scheduled to graduate from the police academy, the department said in a Facebook post on Wednesday. The elder Hall had served on the force for more than 30 years before he passed away on April 30, a month after he first contracted COVID-19. Grieving the loss of his father, the younger Hall's final exam was put on hold and he did not graduate with the rest on his class during a May 1 ceremony that was "held privately and in line with COVID-19 restrictions." Though "undeterred by the tragic loss," Hall Jr. stayed the course and recently took and passed his final exam to graduate from the training academy on Wednesday, the post said. “Today, Superintendent Shaun Ferguson administered the oath of office to Hall Jr., who received something even more special – his father’s badge. Hall Jr.’s mother pinned her husband’s badge, #1786, on her son’s chest to continue the family legacy of service to the citizens and visitors of New Orleans," the department said. Hall Jr. now moves into field training with the rest of his Recruit Class #188. “We congratulate Hall Sr. and the rest of Class 188 as they move forward in their careers in law enforcement.”
https://www.foxnews.com/entertainment/prince-charles-backlash-furloughed-brits-students-fruits-vegetables|2 days ago|Prince Charles catches backlash for asking furloughed Brits, students to help pick fruits, vegetables|, the heir to the throne, is asking his citizens to during the pandemic. The Prince of Wales pleading with students and furloughed workers to and help farmers harvest fruit and vegetable crops. “If we are to harvest British fruit and vegetables this year, we need an army of people to help,” Prince Charles said. “Food does not happen by magic. It all begins with our remarkable farmers and growers. If the last few weeks have proven anything, it is that food is precious and valued and it cannot be taken for granted.” The call to arms is part of the “Pick for Britain” campaign. “In the coming months, many thousands of people will be needed to bring in the crops. It will be hard graft but is hugely important if we are to avoid the growing crops going to waste,” he said. “I do not doubt that the work will be unglamorous and, at times, challenging, but it is of the utmost importance and at the height of this global pandemic you will be making a vital contribution to the national effort.” Many were quick to respond to the Prince's plea, noting that he is not only asking the British people to do something potentially dangerous during a global pandemic but also questioned the optics of a British royal asking people to do manual labor. "You are correct. Some Quick Questions: 1. Who is going to provide the PPE and top class health provision (aka the PM's level), should one start displaying symptoms, and death benefits? 2. Who is going to provide the transport and housing?" . "Perhaps your family can get the approximately 700 staff you employ to go and pick in the fields and you can look after yourselves for once," . "This would carry more weight if Prince Charles was seen in a field actually working," . "The gall of this," . "Tell us which farm you and your family will be picking fruit and vegs?" . — touching off debate about whether his wealth and status gave him priority in receiving a test. Government figures Wednesday showed that another 363 people who have tested positive for the virus have died in the U.K. in all settings, including hospitals and care homes. That took the total to 35,704, the highest death tally in and second in the world behind the United States.
https://www.foxnews.com/opinion/after-coronavirus-answer-important-question-michael-levin|2 days ago|Michael Levin: After coronavirus, how will you answer this important question?|The states are reopening, quickly in some places and cautiously elsewhere, which creates a new level of soul-searching for each of us: who will you be after ? For some, this has been a period of intense tragedy, as they witness the illness or death of loved ones and friends. For others, it’s been a time of deep uncertainty, because their businesses are closed or their livelihoods are curtailed. For most, though, this is a strange and frustrating period where routines are disrupted and patience grows thin, even though the risk of illness or death due to the novel is limited. Which group are you in? If you’re in the first two groups, you have my empathy and prayers. I lost my dad just weeks before all this began. So I’m no stranger to recent or sudden loss. But if you’re in group three, and this whole thing is a big fat annoyance as opposed to something life-threatening or life-changing, my question for you is this: who will you be when it’s over and they blow the all-clear? “Every adversity brings with it the seed of an equivalent advantage,” wrote Napoleon Hill in the granddaddy of all self-improvement books, “Think and Grow Rich.” So how will you benefit from this experience? I don’t mean benefiting financially. Instead, I’m asking, how will you be a better or different person as a result of this unique period in our lives? I like to jump on planes and go places and see people and run around and do stuff. Right now, can’t do that. So I’m spending a lot of time sitting and thinking. Not staring at the news or sighing at the Dow. Instead, I’ve been using this time to think about the kind of human being I’m trying to be, how I relate to my wife and children, how my business runs, and how I serve others. I’m taking online courses on Buddhism and the Alexander Technique. Not planning on changing religions or going into acting; I just want to use this time to learn some new things. But most of all, I’m spending considerably more time with my family, since all six of us are here under the same roof. And that’s been great. Not perfect, of course, but great. We’ve been through crises before, you and I, personal, physical, geopolitical. And we know that problems have a beginning, a middle and an end. Sooner or later, everyone will go back to work, to school, to camp, to restaurants, to the ballgame, to Disney World. When that moment comes, will you be the same old you or will you have taken advantage of this time to grow, to better, to be more grateful, to be, well, whatever you want to be? These days, people involved with helping others are having a much easier time of it than those who are wrapped inside themselves. That’s because when we’re all wrapped up inside ourselves, we make a very small package. Yes, this is a period of illness and death, of economic uncertainty. But it’s also spring, a time for renewal and rebirth. So that’s why I ask: when you emerge from the chrysalis, the sabbatical period, of the COVID-19 shutdown, who will you be?
https://www.foxnews.com/travel/tsa-updated-security-protocol-traveler-reqiurements-coronavirus-pandemic|2 days ago|TSA announces updated security protocol, new requirements for travelers in response to coronavirus pandemic|The Transportation Security Administration (TSA) has once again updated its security procedures in response to the health crisis, informing of several new efforts to increase physical distancing and decrease physical contact at security checkpoints. “In the interest of TSA frontline workers and traveler health, TSA is committed to making prudent changes to our screening processes to limit physical contact and increase physical distance as much as possible,” said TSA Administrator David Pekoske in a issued Thursday morning. “We continue to evaluate our security measures with an eye towards making smart, timely decisions benefiting health and safety, as well as the traveler experience.” The new procedures, which have already taken effect at some airport checkpoints, are expected to be introduced nationwide by mid-June, the TSA says. Most of these protocols simply build on previous preventive measures announced by the TSA over the last few months, though some of the more noticeable changes appear aimed at limiting cross-contamination and officer intervention. TSA highlighted five particular updated procedures: The TSA also identified several other, previously instituted procedures for those “who have not flown since the pandemic” in its . Noticeably absent from the TSA’s list of updated protocol is any requirement for temperature checks, though it is rumored that proposals for such plans are reportedly under review by the White House, according to sources for the . When asked whether they intended to implement temperature screenings, the TSA directed all queries to the Department of Homeland Security (DHS). A representative for the DHS would only say the agency was "exploring the use of technologies" to protect travelers. "As part of our ongoing screening efforts, DHS and our interagency partners are exploring the use of technologies through a phased, multi-layered approach to protect our nation from transmittal of potential health threats and illnesses, including the coronavirus, through travel," said a DHS spokesperson in a statement shared with Fox News. "Until the virus is defeated, the Administration will continue to take decisive and unprecedented action to help slow the spread, restore our way of life, and save lives." Further information on the TSA’s coronavirus policies, as well as information concerning the airports where TSA employees have tested positive, can be found on the agency’s webpage.
https://www.foxnews.com/entertainment/entertainment-industry-estimated-lose-160-billion-5-years|2 days ago|Entertainment industry estimated to lose $160 billion over 5 years due to the coronavirus pandemic|Analysts estimate that the global entertainment industry will lose $160 billion in growth over the next five years as a result of the impact caused by the . According to a report issued Thursday by the research firm Ampere Analysis, 2020 and 2021 will be the hardest hit years for the entertainment industry, but it notes people should expect more long-term impacts over the next five years as things slowly start to reopen and production on and finds a new way to move forward under social distancing guidelines. The report explains, as many expected, that the theatrical sector will take the biggest hit. “While gross loss (the total amount of lost growth in dollar terms) will be greatest for the advertising sector, it’s also important to look at the relative impact pegged to the size of the sector,” the report reads (via ). “On that basis, theatrical will be hardest hit, set to lose $24.4 billion over the next five years, with its revenue growth down more than 11 percent over Ampere’s previous forecasts." One reason for the long-term impact has to do with the supply chain of movies. As the virus has forced countless and hit the pause button on whatever was being made, the immediate impact on the theater industry is obvious. However, Ampere anticipates that, once productions begin again, the market will become oversaturated with new movies playing catch-up and vying for a release window, which could ultimately lead to a slow down in production that impacts content acquisition and distribution further down the road. Meanwhile, both pay TV and advertising are expected to be the next hardest hit by the coronavirus shutdown. The firm estimates a more than $83 billion of revenue growth from TV and online advertising will be lost between now and 2022 for advertisers. In addition, pay TV is taking a hit thanks to the lack of live sports content. The report estimates that sector will "lose significant value in what was already a challenging market structurally, representing around 4 percent of its previously forecast value.” However, one area that seems to be thriving under the pandemic is . Ampere’s latest forecast suggests that streaming will actually gain 12 percent of revenue growth over the same five-year period, as TV shows continue to roll out on various streaming platforms while movies begin to shift from theatrical releases to at-home releases. The concept was proven already with the of “Trolls World Tour.” Guy Bisson, research director at , explained that streaming is "likely to come out on top here as viewers are leaning on streaming content providers heavily, just as a slew of new platforms enter the market.” He added: "Yes, there will likely be a temporary post-lockdown backlash. But key to the longer-term prospects is the acceleration of consumer behavioral change, which will benefit streamers."
https://www.foxnews.com/media/joe-concha-media-florida-desantis-new-york-cuomo|2 days ago|Joe Concha: What the coverage of Florida and New York is revealing about the media|The Hill's reacted on “ ” on Thursday to Gov. blasting the media for its hostile coverage of his handling of the in his state. Concha said he can't understand why DeSantis doesn't get more positive coverage given Florida's handling of the pandemic. “I have no idea, except to say there’s an 'R' next to his name,” he said. Speaking to reporters alongside Vice President Mike Pence on Wednesday, DeSantis touted Florida's improving data, citing of the White House coronavirus task force, who called it the "absolutely best data" among every state in the country. "So any insinuation otherwise is just typical, partisan narrative trying to be spun and part of the reason is that you've got a lot of people in your profession who waxed poetically for weeks and weeks about how Florida was going to be just like New York," DeSantis scolded the reporters. "'Wait two weeks, Florida is going to be next. Just like Italy, wait two weeks.' Well hell, we're eight weeks away from that and it hasn't happened!" He went on to say that Florida “succeeded and I think that people just don't want to recognize it because it challenges their narrative, it challenges their assumption, so they've got to try and find a boogeyman.” As of Thursday morning, Florida reported 47,471 coronavirus cases and 2,096 deaths compared to New York which reported 354,370 COVID-19 cases and 28,636 deaths, according to data compiled by Fox News. On Thursday, Concha noted the dramatic difference in the number of deaths in Florida compared to New York despite the fact that Florida has “four major cities,” including, Miami, Tampa, Orlando and Jacksonville. He went on to say that, “Florida along with Georgia, along with Texas, along with Colorado, should be seen as road maps on how to strike this delicate balance between health concerns and reopening the economy with just over the last six weeks.” Concha then noted that “the national outlets swarmed to you may recall, when that mayor opened up that city's beaches, saying that ‘Oh my God, look at all these people out here. This is obviously going to be a spike in cases, spikes in deaths.’” “Do you know how many deaths Jacksonville, has had since cases started being recorded in March? 36. That's all,” Concha said, going on to call out for showing "complete hypocrisy" in his coverage of the virus. He said Cuomo hosts his brother, New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo, on a nightly basis yet declines to ask about the that has been a "death sentence" for many residents of the state. "We prize rhetoric far too much over results and Andrew Cuomo is exhibit A," he concluded.
https://www.foxnews.com/media/john-kennedy-pelosi-overplayed-hand-bill-remake-western-civilization|2 days ago|John Kennedy: Pelosi overplayed her hand with $3 trillion bill to 'remake Western civilization'|Sen. John Kennedy said on Thursday that House Speaker Nancy Pelosi overplayed her hand by passing a relief bill without consulting the Republicans in the Senate and . “Her bill is so grandiose. It’s not a coronavirus bill. It’s basically a 'remake Western civilization' bill,” the Senate Budget Committee member told “ .” Kennedy, R-La., said that Republicans were “shocked” when they saw the bill, which he said will never be able to pass in the Senate. He said Pelosi could cut out 75 percent of the proposal and Senate Republicans still wouldn't vote for it. “If she takes it back to the Ocasio-Cortez wing in the House, they’re not going to support it, so I think she overplayed her hand here,” Kennedy said. Meanwhile, Senator , R-Wyo. described the legislation passed by the House of Representatives last week as a “fantasyland bill” that helps more than American citizens. Barrasso told “ ” House Speaker D-Calif., is “actually making it easier for illegal immigrants to work in her $3 trillion bill, that fantasyland bill, than she is making it easier for the to get back on the job.” “Those are the perverse incentives that she’s included in this liberal wish list,” he continued. The relief package includes who work in jobs declared “essential," which Republicans are blasting as an attempt at “amnesty.” It also expands direct payment eligibility to undocumented immigrants who pay taxes, which Barrasso said he disagrees with "100 percent." The 1,815-page bill was drafted by Democrats alone and earned a veto threat from the and condemnation from the GOP as a “ ” that is dead on arrival in the .
https://www.foxnews.com/opinion/andrew-cuomo-death-nursing-homes-miranda-devine|2 days ago|Miranda Devine: Gov. Andrew Cuomo is a hypocrite on life, death and nursing homes|In his daily briefing on Wednesday, Gov. Andrew Cuomo was as haughty and boastful as ever. The difference this time was that the didn’t give him a free pass. It’s incredible how highly he rates himself when he has presided over the most of any state in the nation by far — 22,976 as of Wednesday, some seven times more than California, 11 times more than Florida. New York still hasn’t come to grips with why that is. The disparity is not a random act of God, as the governor would have us believe. He bears at least some culpability. He was slower to respond to the threat of the virus. And then he compounded that error with the unforgivably callous act of forcing nursing homes to admit COVID-positive patients — a death sentence for other residents as the infection spread like wildfire.
https://video.foxnews.com/v/6158238580001/|__clean_error__|__clean_error__|
https://www.foxnews.com/politics/from-building-trucks-to-ventilators-ford-worker|2 days ago|From building trucks to ventilators, Ford plant’s crisis response on display during Trump's Michigan visit|When arrives in Thursday, he'll get a chance to see one of the success stories of America's innovative all-hands-on-deck response to the pandemic. Trump will tour the Ford Motor Co. Rawsonville plant that reconfigured its operations during the pandemic and shifted from making automobiles to ventilators to help save lives. And much like how Detroit was the Arsenal of Democracy during World War II, with Ford's Willow Run plant producing per hour, the workers on today's pandemic response assembly line feel a similar sense of pride for helping fellow Americans during hard times. "I could not be more proud of my fellow rank and file workers," said Terry Bowman, a Ford Motor Co. Rawsonville plant employee who is working on the ventilator project. "They could have stayed home all safe and sound. But yet, all of these workers ... decided on their own, that they wanted to come in and work on a ventilator project in the middle of this pandemic." Bowman, 54, normally makes transmission oil pumps for trucks at the Ypsilanti Township plant, then the pandemic came and stay-home orders hit. Ford closed the plant and Bowman went on unemployment in March. When Congress passed the more than in March, workers on unemployment got an additional $600 per week payment from the federal government on top of the normal state benefits. In Michigan, the maximum rate is $362 per week. So with the added federal boost, laid-off autoworkers could get $962 a week. That rate would amount to more than $50,000 a year. So when Ford put out the call for workers to voluntarily come back to work to make ventilators and personal protective equipment, some of those who stepped up were making money by putting their health on the line to work than by staying home and collecting unemployment checks, said Bowman. "A lot of the workers are actually working only 40 hours and making less than what they would have if they would have just stayed home and received the additional $600 unemployment," said Bowman, who ended up making more because of overtime. "All these volunteer workers did not have to be there but decided to come in to be a part of something bigger than themselves," he added. In all, more than 1,000 Ford employees signed up to work at four southeast Michigan auto plants that have been converted to make ventilators and personal protective equipment. Other plants are making masks, respirators and face shields. General Electric was called up to make ventilators by Trump under the Defense Production Act. Ford Motor Company became GE's supplier and began ventilator production in late April. Ford converted an unused portion of the Rawsonville plant to build out the ventilator manufacturing unit. Ford intends to manufacture 50,000 of the by mid-July. The ventilator model is unique because it runs on compressed air, not electricity, so it doesn't need to be plugged it. It's ideal for a quick setup in an emergency, on the battlefield and during the transport of patients. Ford said it dubbed the ventilator and PPE production “Project Apollo” after the Apollo 13 launch in 1970 when a lunar landing was aborted after an oxygen tank failed two days into the mission, forcing the astronauts to improvise a fix. Bowman, who is co-chair of the Michigan Republican Party and active on the Trump campaign, said he wrote the White House to invite Trump to see firsthand the effort of Ford workers helping in the coronavirus crisis. Despite working 37 days straight, Bowman said the mood on the ventilator assembly is very positive as workers have the patriotic spirit of helping serve the country during the global pandemic. Michigan has been especially hard hit by the pandemic. Nationwide, more than 1.5 million people have been sickened by the contagious virus and more than 93,000 Americans have died. "The ventilator project was brought about by the Defense Production Act, which hasn't really been used in 78 years, so I thought it was pretty historic," Bowman said on his decision to sign up for the project. "I wanted to be a part of something historic. "My family has all been healthy, and I thought there's a moral issue to this: Shouldn't you go back and help people who might need ventilators? I just thought it was the right thing to do." Ford is taking additional precautions for workers on the special coronavirus projects and as the auto manufacturing begins to reopen. Before Bowman heads to work, he logs online at home and answers a questionnaire to certify that he doesn't have symptoms. When he arrives, he has a no-touch temperature scan. All employees wear a face mask at work. Safety glasses with side shields or face shields are also required for jobs that don't allow for social distancing. "I feel safer at work than I do anywhere," Bowman said. Trump's visit to Michigan marks his in an effort to demonstrate his desire to get American back to work. Trump is expected to tout America as "the king of ventilators" and to praise the collaboration between Ford and General Electric. The two U.S. companies "have stepped up to make ventilators and PPE in a time of need -- exemplifying the power of the American spirit and ingenuity at work," the White House said in a statement. "Ford has a rich history stepping up in a time of crisis. During WWII, their Willow Run assembly plant was producing one B-24 per hour." The White House also applauded Ford for its American pride. "Ford assembles more vehicles in the U.S. than any other manufacturer and more than 75 percent of what the company sells in the U.S. is assembled in the U.S., more than any other automaker."
https://www.foxnews.com/opinion/coronavirus-facebook-youtube-control-information-alex-berenson|2 days ago|Alex Berenson: Coronavirus crisis -- How Facebook and YouTube are trying to control information about COVID|As enter their third month, social media giants are tightening censorship against people who protest lockdowns and raise evidence the virus may be less risky than initially thought. has pulled videos from scientists and physicians, even those with top-tier credentials. Meanwhile, has blocked efforts to organize protests against lockdowns. is particularly problematic because as the largest social media network, it may gain from lockdowns, which force friends or community groups to rely on virtual gatherings instead of real-life meetings. Investors certainly seem to believe the lockdowns have not hurt Facebook. Its stock rose 5 percent to an all-time high on Wednesday. Shares in Google’s parent company, which also owns YouTube, also are near an all-time high. Twitter, the third major social media company, is taking a more open and pro-free speech stance. Twitter allows debate about whether the societal risks of lockdowns might be worse than the dangers of coronavirus. (My own Twitter following has grown 15-fold since March, and Twitter does not appear to be censoring me.) As private corporations, social media outlets are not bound by the First Amendment and can remove speech that violates their guidelines. However, given their reach and the growing political battle over lockdowns amid questions about their efficacy, their censorship actions leave them at risk of backlash. Further, combined with the conventional media’s reluctance to question lockdowns and the failure of predictive models from public health experts, social media censorship may actually backfire, leading many people to believe they cannot trust the media at all and encouraging them to consider outright conspiracy theories. Coronavirus censorship first became an issue when Susan Wojcicki, the chief executive of YouTube, told CNN on April 19 that YouTube would ban videos contradicting World Health Organization guidelines about coronavirus. Instead, YouTube had “focused on the stay at home messages” and would be “raising authoritative information,” Wojcicki said. Of course, the WHO has repeatedly changed its own statements on coronavirus – for example, tweeting that antibodies to coronavirus do not confer immunity to the virus, then hours later deleting that message and reporting antibodies likely “provide some level of protection.” Wojcicki didn’t mention how YouTube might treat changes in WHO messaging. On April 27, YouTube followed through on Wojcicki’s threats, removing video of a press conference from two California physicians. The physicians argued COVID fatality rates were lower than commonly reported and that forcing people to stay inside for prolonged periods of time might actually damage their immune systems. At the time YouTube removed it, the press conference had been viewed more than 5 million times. In a statement, YouTube said it censored “content that explicitly disputes the efficacy of local health authority recommended guidance on social distancing” – a stance that if repeated on other issues could lead YouTube to block content that disputes any government statement. Since then, YouTube’s censorship has continued. Less than a week ago, the site removed a video from Knut Wittkowski, the former head of epidemiology at Rockefeller University’s Center for Clinical and Translational Science, criticizing lockdowns. Wittkowski’s video had been viewed about 1.5 million times before YouTube removed it. Meanwhile, Facebook, which more than half of all Americans use, has repeatedly censored groups trying to organize anti-lockdown protests. “Events that defy governments’ guidance on social distancing aren’t allowed on Facebook,” a Facebook spokesman said on April 20. On May 13, Facebook took its most aggressive action yet, removing the 380,000-member group “Michiganders Against Excessive Quarantine,” one of the original anti-lockdown groups. It then quickly removed a replacement group called “Stand Up Michigan.” Ironically, the censorship efforts may be backfiring, by leading people to conclude that they cannot trust media outlets to give them honest information about the coronavirus and driving them to conspiracy theorists such as Judy Mikovits – whose short film “Plandemic” contains several bizarre theories, including that a flu vaccine may be responsible for the high death toll in Italy. Though YouTube and Facebook have removed Plandemic repeatedly, it has been viewed millions of times. In contrast, Twitter is avoiding outright bans on content. “We are trying to nuanced approach to this that recognizes there is a huge amount of emotion and vitriol and all sides of the issue,” a Twitter executive wrote me last week. “We’re trying to make sure that factual debate finds a way through.” Twitter prefers to label posts that it views as potentially problematic rather than remove them, he wrote. “We think it (labeling) will allow the conversation to continue.” Unfortunately, YouTube and Facebook seem to prefer to stop the conversation.
https://www.foxnews.com/opinion/coronavirus-deepens-divisions-except-common-ground-victor-davis-hanson|2 days ago|Victor Davis Hanson: Coronavirus deepens divisions — except maybe this one bit of common ground|Red- and blue-state America was already divided before the epidemic hit. had enriched the East Coast and West Coast corridors but hollowed out much in between. The traditional values of small towns and rural counties were increasingly at odds with postmodern lifestyles in the cities. There were, of course, traditionalists in blue states. And lots of live in red states. But people increasingly self-segregate to where they feel at home and where politics, jobs and culture reflect their tastes. The ensuing left/right, liberal/conservative, Democrat/Republican divide not only intensified in the 21st century, but it also took on a dangerous geographical separatism. The coasts vs. the interior reflects two Americas — often in a manner similar to the old Mason-Dixon line that geographically split the U.S. for roughly a century. Liberals scoff at the deplorables and irredeemables for embracing an ossified, unchanging 18th-century Constitution. The red-staters supposedly cling to their weird, dangerous habits such as owning guns and opposing abortion, while adhering to paleolithic ideas of small government, secure borders and don’t-tread-on-me individualism. Blue-staters are confident that progressive citizens of the world like themselves are where the global action, money and future lie. And who could doubt the success of Silicon Valley’s wealthy tech companies, Wall Street’s investment giants or internationally respected universities such as Harvard, MIT, Caltech and Stanford? Progressives believe the story of America has most often been one of discrimination, original sin and a need for constant repentance and reparations for a flawed past. Conservatives feel just the opposite — that one does not have to perfect to be good, and that America is far better than anywhere else. Red-staters contend that many blue states are broke and need bailouts to ensure that their generous pensions and entitlements don’t wither away into insolvency. Cities are often seen by those in less densely populated areas as dirty, full of homeless people, dangerous and ungovernable. Red-staters also see failed statist ideas the world over. For them, China, the European Union and much of Africa and Latin America are proof that democratic socialism is neither fair nor compassionate. Conservatives welcome in immigrants, but only if they come legally, assimilate to U.S. values and arrive in manageable numbers to be integrated. When the virus hit, these divides intensified. Blue-state governors wanted long lockdowns, red-state governors not so much. Elite professionals, state employees and the wealthy residents of the coasts feel they can easily ride out a bad recession. They believe that even a miniscule chance of dying from the virus still makes it too risky to go out. Yet in red states, there are many self-employed people and small-business owners who are always at risk on the margins. They believe they have great odds to beat the virus but not to beat a more deadly depression. The 2020 election is the unspoken force multiplier of the divide. Blue-state politicians believe that if the lockdown continues, the country won’t recover before November. Donald Trump will then be blamed for the downturn. They hope for a replay of the 1932 election, with Trump as Depression-era Herbert Hoover vs. a progressive challenger with big promises of more programs and larger government. Progressives also want more connectivity with the world abroad to beat the virus. They rely on elite researchers, statisticians and epidemiologists to chart and predict the course of the epidemic. Conservatives are convinced that entrepreneurs and individuals will better save us. Most elites, they believe, were wrong in their modeling, their predictions and their advice about the contagion. Many conservatives think that the best and brightest had little practical experience, less common sense and did not live in the real world. Red-staters look at the lies of the Chinese, the enabling deceptions of the World Health Organization and the initial failures of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. They conclude that transnational organizations are sometimes incompetent and corrupt, and that even our own bureaucracies are too unimaginative, sluggish, haughty and territorial. Is there any agreement between red-state and blue-state America? Perhaps. Red-staters are not flocking to blue-state urban corridors, where the virus hit hardest. They are happy to live in less crowded places, rely on their own cars, have detached homes and be free of government edicts that often make little sense other than to showcase the dictatorial powers of petty bureaucrats and local officials. Even blue-staters are beginning to see their mass transit, high-rise living and clogged streets more as incubators of disease than as the circulatory system of an exciting, high-end life. Perhaps in this time of plague, Americans can at least agree that the romance of Arcadia is suddenly preferable to the allure of big-city lights.
https://video.foxnews.com/v/6158258042001/|__clean_error__|__clean_error__|
https://www.foxnews.com/us/missisippis-tate-reeves-becomes-butt-of-the-joke-with-high-school-prank|2 days ago|Missisippi's Tate Reeves becomes butt of the joke with high school prank|Gov. Tate Reeves became the butt of the joke while paying tribute to high school graduates when he fell for a prank Bart Simpson would be proud of. On a , Reeves started reading the names of graduates from Florence High School, his alma mater, when he came to an unusual name – “Harry Azcrac.” The Republican, 45, read it, paused briefly and kept going. A clip of Reeves reading the name subsequently went viral on Twitter, although he handled it with good grace. He tweeted: “Harry’s submitter has a bright future as a Simpson’s writer!” In "The Simpsons," Bart famously tortures bar owner Moe Szyslak with fake names during prank calls, including “Al Caholic”, “Oliver Clothesoff” and “I.P. Freely.” He added that he would be back online to read more graduates’ names, quipping: “Maybe even Ben – the pride of the Dover family!” Thomas DeMartini took credit for duping the governor. “Proud moment: I got Tate reeves to say the name Harry Azcrac on Facebook live. And yes I’ve been laughing for about 25 minutes now,” he tweeted on Saturday. Reeves had asked people to submit names of high school seniors so he could read them aloud on the webcast to help recognize those who are missing traditional graduation ceremonies because of the pandemic. Renae Eze, a spokeswoman for Reeves, said Wednesday his staff had spent hours collating almost 10,000 individually submitted names. As for Mr. Azcrac, it appears to have slipped through the cracks. “We can probably say it’s not a real person," she conceded.
https://video.foxnews.com/v/6157405468001/|__clean_error__|__clean_error__|
https://www.foxnews.com/world/trump-fires-back-against-chinas-massive-disinformation-campaign-about-coronavirus|2 days ago|Trump fires back against China’s ‘massive disinformation campaign’ about coronavirus|unleashed a series of scathing tweets Wednesday night in response to what he called a “massive disinformation campaign” launched by the government regarding the outbreak. Trump said Beijing was “desperate to have Sleepy win the presidential race so they can continue to rip-off the United States, as they have done for decades, until I came along!” The president also accused two top Chinese spokespeople of trying to “deflect the pain and carnage that their country spread throughout the world.” In addition, Trump appeared to direct blame toward China’s President Xi Jinping, although he did not mention Xi by name. “It all comes from the top,” Trump wrote. “They could have easily stopped the plague, but they didn’t!” Trump and his administration have blamed the Chinese government for the pandemic. They accuse Chinese officials of downplaying the scale of the outbreak in Wuhan and providing faulty data to the – resulting in nations around the world, including the U.S., being ill-prepared for the actual impact of the virus as it crossed their borders. Trump and other critics have also accused the WHO of echoing Chinese propaganda regarding the virus instead of acting as impartial and vigilant guardians of global health. The president’s Wednesday night tweets followed a series of posts earlier Wednesday from Lijian Zhao and Hua Chunying, two spokespeople for the Chinese foreign ministry. In one message, Zhao blasted Trump’s threat to end all U.S. funding for the WHO. “Regarding President Trump’s letter to [WHO director-general] Dr. Tedros, we think the US should focus on beating #COVID19,” Zhao wrote, “rather than give an ultimatum to the organization that leads global epidemic response.” In a second message, Zhao took aim at “some Western countries,” accusing them of “politicizing the origin of the virus.” “Some Western countries demand priority for tracing the origin of the virus, but the vast majority of countries believe the containment and control of #COVID19 is need of the hour,” Zhao wrote. “Politicizing the origin of the virus has no audience.” Hua stridently defended the WHO while taking a jab at the U.S. “#WHO is a UN specialized agency. Roughly 90% of its leadership are US experts,” she wrote. “WHO bows to no individual or country. It serves the health and welfare of all mankind.” Across two earlier tweets, Hua questioned the U.S. version of events related to the outbreak. “US non-stop disinformation may confuse and mislead some for a while,” she wrote. “But in the end facts speak for themselves. “Just to list a few,” she continued. “US claimed only 1 case as Wuhan was closed on Jan23. “US had 1896 cases as it declared national emergency on Mar13. “US had 7087 cases as China reported 0 new domestic cases on Mar19. “Now US has 1,570,583 cases&93,533 deaths. “Who on earth should be accountable?” But Trump pushed back against the accusations from the Chinese. “Spokesman speaks stupidly on behalf of China, trying desperately to deflect the pain and carnage that their country spread throughout the world,” Trump wrote. “Its disinformation and propaganda attack on the United States and Europe is a disgrace.” As of early Thursday the coronavirus has sickened more than 5 million people across the globe and killed more than 328,000, according to Johns Hopkins University.
https://www.foxnews.com/media/new-york-restaurateur-finds-a-way-to-thank-the-first-responders-in-his-community-but-is-concerned-for-the-future-of-the-restaurant-industry|2 days ago|New York restaurateur finds a way to thank first responders with 'drive-thru bar'|New York restaurateur Matthew Sorrentino says his restaurants have been blessed during the outbreak because, although they are closed for dine-in service, their customers have stepped up and ordered takeout regularly. Grateful for this, he and his business partner decided to share their good fortune with those on the front lines of the pandemic in one of their four establishments: the Italian restaurant "388." “We put up a 'drink for charity', [which is] you come, buy a drink and go," Sorrentino told Fox news. "One hundred percent of profits go to local hospitals." Along with the money donation, his restaurants have been donating food to local hospitals, the Nassau County Police Department and the volunteer firefighters and EMTs. He also makes sure the employees he had to furlough receive food for their family. His restaurants are all located in one of the hardest-hit areas with the coronavirus: Long Island, New York. The area has met just two of the seven requirements to begin the reopening process. Yet, even with the island is a long time away from reopening, Sorrentino is already looking toward a post-coronavirus future. "Anticipating a big opening in June,” Sorrentino said. His four restaurants could open with rigid occupancy restrictions, meaning that family-style restaurants, like his "388" in Roslyn Heights, could be facing even more financial stress as coronavirus stay-at-home orders continue. “We have a large restaurant. I believe it's 153 [seating capacity], which is large,” Sorrentino said. “What the town [will] allows us — 20 percent, 40 percent, 50 percent occupancy, that's the problem. And that's when a restaurant's stimulus [the Paycheck Protection Program] is not meant for this.” “They have to do something more for restaurants because we're feeding the people,” he added.
https://video.foxnews.com/v/6158224469001/|__clean_error__|__clean_error__|
https://www.foxnews.com/science/intense-fitness-classes-can-lead-to-rapid-spread-of-covid-19-report-shows|2 days ago|Intense fitness classes can lead to rapid spread of COVID-19, report shows|Fitness dance classes are yet another venue where the appears to easily spread, according to a new report. The report found that dozens of people in South Korea caught COVID-19 after participating in fitness dance classes at the beginning of the . The researchers traced the cluster back to a workshop that was held for fitness dance instructors in Cheonan, South Korea, on Feb. 15, according to the report, published May 15 in the journal . The workshop involved four hours of intense training, the report said. Among the 27 fitness instructors who participated, eight later tested positive for COVID-19, although none had symptoms on the day of the workshop. Not knowing they had COVID-19, those instructors then went on to teach their own fitness dance classes. By March 9, the researchers had identified 112 COVID-19 cases tied to fitness dance classes at 12 different sports facilities in Cheonan. About half of the cases occurred due to direct transmission from instructors to students during classes, which lasted nearly an hour and met twice a week. The rest of the cases (not including the instructors themselves) occurred due to spread from the students to their family members or coworkers. The researchers noted that the classes involved many people engaging in high-intensity exercise in a small space — a pretty ideal environment for . "The moist, warm atmosphere in a sports facility coupled with turbulent air flow generated by intense physical exercise can cause more dense transmission of isolated droplets," the authors said. The number of people in a class also appeared to play a role in disease spread: Typical-size classes, with up to 22 participants, resulted in disease spread, while small classes with fewer than five people did not result in any spread of COVID-19, the report found. Interestingly, one of the infected instructors also taught and pilates, but none of these students became infected. The authors hypothesized that the lower intensity of these activities did not result in the same level of transmission as the high-intensity fitness classes. Overall, "because of the increased possibility of infection through droplets, vigorous exercise in closely confined spaces should be avoided during the current outbreak," the authors concluded.
https://www.foxnews.com/health/coronavirus-in-us-state-by-state-breakdown|May 7|Coronavirus in the US: State-by-state breakdown|As of Thursday morning, the has infected more than 5,011,467 people across 188 countries and territories, resulting in over 328,368 deaths. In the U.S., all 50 states plus the District of Columbia have reported confirmed cases of COVID-19, tallying over 1,551,853 illnesses and at least 93,439 deaths. 1. New York: 354,370 cases 2. New Jersey: 150,776 cases 3. Illinois: 100,418 cases 4. Massachusetts: 88,970 cases 5. California: 85,997 cases 6. Pennsylvania: 68,126 cases 7. Michigan: 53,009 cases 8. Texas: 51,673 cases 9. Florida: 47,471 cases 10. Maryland: 42,323 cases 1. New York: 28,636 deaths 2. New Jersey: 10,749 deaths 3. Massachusetts: 6,066 deaths 4. Michigan: 5,060 deaths 5. Pennsylvania: 4,770 deaths 6. Illinois: 4,525 deaths 7. Connecticut: 3,529 deaths 8. California: 3,497 deaths 9. Louisiana: 2,608 deaths 10. Maryland: 2,123 deaths
https://www.foxnews.com/sports/49ers-raheem-mostert-family-concerned-return-coronavirus-pandemic|2 days ago|49ers' Raheem Mostert, family concerned about return to football amid coronavirus pandemic|running back Raheem Mostert has expressed concerns about returning to football during the pandemic as his wife, Devon, is expecting the couple's second child. Mostert pre-emptively canceled an appearance at an event at the Santa Clara County Convention Center before the coronavirus outbreak exploded. There were no sports disruptions at the time and Mostert was about a month removed from appearing in the Super Bowl. “She [Devon, Mostert’s wife] has actually cried a couple of times just because she wants to make sure not only myself, but those 90 guys that are in the locker room, are going to all be safe, and their families as well,” the running back told reporters on Wednesday as the NFL mulls giving teams the green light to open training facilities. NFL training camp is set to begin in late July and Mostert and his family know that he will be there when things start to open up again. “She understands that no matter what, this is my job and I have to do what my job requires me to do, which is all fair,” Mostert said. “She’s excited as well. She wants football to be back and sports to be back, in general. ... We don’t know what it’s going to take for us to be back out there on the field, testing every week and playing in a different state or what have you. We don’t know yet. That’s something that’s going to be determined once the time comes.” Mostert is eager to build upon a breakout season with the 49ers. He had 772 rushing yards and 8 rushing touchdowns during the regular season. He then put together an incredible performance in the NFC Championship game, rushing for 220 yards and 4 touchdowns in the win. San Francisco eventually lost in the Super Bowl, but Mostert is looking to improve upon his 2019 performance. “I don’t want to be just one-dimensional,” he said. “I want to be multi-dimensional and being able to catch the ball out of the backfield is one of the things that I really pride myself on. Even lining up in the slot position. There’s multiple things I’ve been trying to work on. I’m just trying to get back to, you know, my wide receiver days when I was playing receiver in college. Just getting back used to everything and doing everything.”
https://www.foxnews.com/food-drink/quarantine-recipes-coronavirus-tom-colicchio-salmon-asparagus|2 days ago|'Top Chef' approved: Tom Colicchio's recipe for salmon and asparagus with yogurt chutney|while at home doesn’t have to be difficult, Tom Colicchio says. Home chefs hungry to switch up their typical dinner routine should look no further than this recipe for yogurt chutney with salmon and asparagus, straight from the “Top Chef” judge and host himself. “What’s interesting is, years ago, I stopped cooking with cream, for no reason,” Colicchio told Fox News in a recent interview. “There was actually a little bit more of a trend, chefs stopped using creams so much, less butter and things like that, but you still crave that richness. “I find that yogurt really does that, it gives the feel of cream without having to use as much fat, but yogurt also provides another sort of dimension, that sort of tang, that bit of acid you’re looking for in a dish, too,” he explained. Intrigued? Without further ado, we present Tom Colicchio's 30-minute salmon recipe for two:
https://www.foxnews.com/food-drink/alcohol-beer-shelf-life|2 days ago|How long does alcohol last before going bad?|doesn’t last forever. It’s a strange time for the alcohol industry. With orders in place across the country, an uptick of to-go orders and grocery store purchases is notable. At the same time, with bars, venues and restaurants closed, on-site drinking has seen a significant decrease, resulting in millions of gallons of beer gone stale. With people and businesses stuck with kegs they can’t sell, some people may be asking, How long does booze stay good for? Not surprisingly, it depends on the type of alcohol. The good news for fans of hard liquor is that these types of drinks have the longest shelf life. After being opened, bottles of whiskey, vodka, tequila and rum won’t necessarily go bad, but they’ll start to lose their flavor after about six to eight months (or even up to year), explains. Beer, on the other hand, is a different story. According to , beer will go bad about three months after the sell-by or best-by date. Also, if it isn’t stored properly, beer can develop a sour or earthy aroma (otherwise known as skunk). Of course, once it’s opened, beer will go flat very quickly. The same is true for any carbonated beverages, including champagne (which can last for a decade unopened). Wine can be more difficult, but in general, wine can last for up to 10 years if stored properly. Once it’s opened, it can go bad within a day or two unless it’s recorked and refrigerated, at which point it can last for two weeks. Lastly, while hard liquor won’t go bad, liqueurs and cordials can spoil after a year. This is due to their high sugar content, according to . A good rule of thumb for drinks like this is to remember that the higher the sugar content, the faster it will spoil.
https://www.foxnews.com/opinion/georgia-coronavirus-principles-democracy-david-avella-mike-dugan|2 days ago|Avella and Dugan: Georgia vs. coronavirus — these principles of democracy made all the difference|The American colonists rebelled from the king of England for less than what Gov. has done in Michigan. It’s a cautionary tale, as many politicians have recently crossed the line and forced Americans to live in ways that would have been shocking three months ago. Whitmer’s actions are merely one example of a politician using dire circumstances to arbitrarily infringe on the of those they claim to govern. We are co-authoring this column to put a spotlight on this dangerous pattern of government overreach during and to present better solutions. Americans never wanted to see small-business owners treated like criminals. We never wanted our parks and beaches to be designated as inherently dangerous. We have never been required to stay away from loved ones who are sick or dying. As a nation, we understand the severity of the health crisis we now face, but the law should never be used to persecute an individual’s freedom nor to prosecute Americans operating legal businesses to support their families. Charging small-business owners with crimes is just too much, especially when the public wants leaders to pursue a level-headed approach. With each passing day, we see politicians like Whitmer singlehandedly picking winners and losers with executive orders. Concerns about such authoritarian cronyism were strongly considered by the Founding Fathers when they framed a government with separate branches of government. As James Madison wrote: “The accumulation of all powers, legislative, executive and judiciary, in the same hands, whether of one, a few, or many... may justly be pronounced the very definition of tyranny." Today, the state of Georgia is deserving of attention. The COVID-19 pandemic has been handled in an orderly fashion, for the benefit of the people who live there. Gov. Brian Kemp, while the most influential person in Georgia’s decision-making process, is not the only voice at the table; Georgia law requires the State Senate and House to be full-fledged partners in times of emergency. On March 14, Kemp issued an executive order declaring a public health state of emergency, calling forth the emergency powers of his office with the compliance of the legislature. On March 16, the legislature convened to ratify Kemp’s order. At that time, the House and Senate each had the opportunity to concur with or terminate the governor’s declaration. Having determined the gravity of the situation demanded emergency action, the Senate and House quickly agreed. There are also two other features of what was done in Georgia that would serve other states well to match. First, public health state of emergencies must have the concurrence of the General Assembly. Second, the legislature must maintain the right to terminate the state of emergency at any time. Together, these checks on the executive branch limit what the governor may order and create a partnership where the executive branch of government is agile enough to meet citizens’ needs without legislation. On April 8, Kemp extended the public health state of emergency through May 13, under the same set of conditions as the first — legislature concurring and retaining the right to end things at any time. Again, on April 30, the governor extended the state of emergency through June 12 under the same set of conditions. On May 12, the governor issued an executive order rolling back some of the safety restrictions established for COVID-19. Former President Harry Truman stated that his incoming successor, Dwight Eisenhower, would issue an order and wonder why nothing happened. Truman believed that the five-star general would struggle to establish consensus outside his own orbit. Truman remarked it would not be long until Eisenhower learned that without a partnership with Congress, not much would get done. In these present days, too many politicians are turning Truman’s words upside down. Let this sink in: a number of states are now under indefinite executive orders, with no mechanism for a legislative check and balance. For many states with part-time assemblies, legislators cannot even convene for oversight or to pass helpful legislation without an express invitation from the governor. The separation of powers is vital to American democracy. The separation of powers accepts that government is impacted by the realities of human nature and the pursuit of self-interest. It works because the people are in charge. Without the basic protections deemed so valuable by America’s founders, domination by a single leader will ensue – we’ve seen as much in Michigan and other unfortunate instances across the nation. Georgia showed that an effective response is possible without tyranny. The separation of powers is one of the principles that led to America’s greatness. It works, and it’s how it’s done in Georgia.
https://www.foxnews.com/us/los-angeles-nutritional-supplement-company-must-stop-marketing-radish-paste-as-coronavirus-preventative-judge-says|2 days ago|LA company must stop marketing radish paste as coronavirus preventative, judge says|A judge in Wednesday issued a preliminary injunction against a nutritional supplement store allegedly marketing radish paste as a preventative against the . The city attorney’s office sued the Koreatown business, Insan Healing, claiming the company had violated state false advertising laws when it promoted $99.95 a bottle radish paste as a “must-have product for the protection and prevention of the COVID-19,” The Los Angeles Times reported. The paste has not been tested by the Food and Drug Administration as a preventative against the virus, City Atty. Mike Feuer said. “In this public health emergency, consumers are entitled to accurate information. Their lives may depend on it,” he added, according to -TV in Los Angeles. "We are seeking restitution for consumers who purchase this item, and we're seeking civil penalties to hold the company accountable for what we allege are their actions.'' In his ruling, Judge Terry Green prohibited the company from making any false or misleading claims that the paste can “diagnose, cure, mitigate, treat or prevent” the coronavirus, The reported. As of Wednesday, the company had removed any mention of coronavirus prevention from the product’s website description. More than a dozen other U.S. companies have also been flagged by the government for making dubious claims about their products in relation to the virus.
https://www.foxnews.com/health/dont-count-vaccine-against-covid-19-anytime-soon-top-hiv-scientist-warns|2 days ago|Don't count on vaccine against COVID-19, top HIV scientist warns|A leading HIV scientist in the said Wednesday that people shouldn't expect a vaccine anytime soon, according to a report. William Haseltine, known for his groundbreaking work on HIV/AIDS and the human genome, acknowledged that while a COVID-19 vaccine could be developed, he said, “I wouldn’t count on it.” “Do not listen to the politicians who say we’re going to have one by the time my re-election comes around,” Haseltine said, according to the Guardian. “Maybe we will [but] I’m just saying it’s not a slam-dunk case by any means ... because every time people have tried to make a vaccine -- for Sars or Mers -- it hasn’t actually protected.” The former professor at Harvard Medical School, who founded two research departments on cancer and HIV/AIDS, was one of the first to recognize the danger the latter disease posed, according to . When looking at COVID-19, he said vaccines developed in the past for other types of coronaviruses failed to protect mucous membranes in the nose where the virus normally enters the body. He added that while testing experimental COVID-19 vaccines on animals has seen a viral load reduction in certain organs -- the infections still remained. After Moderna claimed of favorable results in its vaccine trial on Monday, he likened it to "the equivalent of a chief executive of a public company announcing a favorable earnings report without supplying supporting financial data," according to an op-ed in the . Instead of relying on a vaccine to solve the coronavirus pandemic, he believes the best way to manage the virus is being proactive through careful tracing of infections as well as strict isolation measures whenever it starts spreading, the news organization reported. He advised people to wear masks, wash hands, clean surfaces, and keep a distance to limit that spread. Haseltine also gave his opinion on which countries have handled the coronavirus crisis the best since the outbreak began less than six months ago. China, South Korea, and Taiwan have done the best at curbing infections, he said, according to the Guardian, while the U.S., Russia, and Brazil have done the worst. He added that China and some other Asian countries have done a good job of closing off the infected from the public, according to the . Meanwhile, he criticized the U.S. and other countries for not doing enough to “forcibly isolate” those exposed to the virus.
https://www.foxnews.com/politics/republican-state-representative-removed-from-legislative-session-for-refusing-to-wear-mask|2 days ago|Illinois House votes to remove Republican rep from session for refusing to wear mask|A state representative in was reportedly removed from a legislative session in Springfield Wednesday for refusing to wear a mask. The Illinois House voted 82-27 to remove Rep. Darren Bailey for violating a newly adopted rule requiring masks for members, staff and visitors to help prevent the spread of the , the Chicago Tribune reported. Democratic Rep. Emanuel “Chris” Welch made the motion for removal after Bailey refused to put on a mask when asked. Democratic Gov. J.B. Pritzker said Bailey showed a “callous disregard for life, callous disregard for people’s health” in his refusal. “You just [ask] a doctor [to] tell you why people wear masks in the first place. It’s to protect others. So clearly, the representative is not interested in protecting others," he said. Illinois House Republican Leader Jim Durkin urged everyone to follow the new rule. “We cannot ignore nor compromise the health and safety of every member of the General Assembly, their family members, every one of our staffers who works tirelessly for us,” Durkin said, according to the . Other members were resistant to wearing masks but eventually complied. "If we are required. I will play along," Republican state Rep. Chris Miller said, according to WMAQ-TV in Chicago. "I don’t want to be a distraction from the real issues of JB's Failed leadership." Republican state Rep. Brad Halbrook agreed, “If the rule is adopted I will abide by it.” Bailey in April over Pritzker's extension of the state’s stay-at-home order. Earlier this month, Bailey told Fox News Pritzker is "trampling" the rights of Illinois residents with the continued coronavirus restrictions. "The law is not being upheld and that's our problem," he said. Bailey told reporters Wednesday he also refused to take a voluntary coronavirus test being offered to lawmakers before the session, reported.
https://www.foxnews.com/food-drink/memorial-day-weekend-longhorn-steakhouse-barbecue-tips-grilling|2 days ago|Memorial Day weekend: LongHorn Steakhouse offering barbecue tips, grilling 'hotline'|Yes, you’ve heard things are going to because of the However, something that doesn’t have to look so different is your perfect Memorial Day barbecue, because LongHorn Steakhouse has launched a social-media “hotline” for from certified "Grill Masters." Memorial Day weekend, dubbed the unofficial start to summer, is generally a time for cookouts and large social gatherings. Though the latter might not be possible due to the COVID-19 crisis, the former definitely will be in full swing as families gather 'round the grill to celebrate in their own backyards. But for those who are a touch dubious about their grilling skills, LongHorn Steakhouse will be sitting by, ready to respond to your social media queries from in-hour grilling experts. In order to solicit the advice of the grilling gurus, social media users must tag their queries with #LHGRILLUS on Twitter or Instagram, or post the question straight to LongHorn’s Facebook page. The meat sages will then do their best to offer immediate guidance to those in need. However, if you’d rather avoid admitting your mistakes to the grilling aficionados at a fast-casual restaurant chain (and other social media users, in the process), you can just follow the advice of LongHorn’s executive chef, Michael Senich, who is also doling out some of his top grilling tips for beginners. Among them, Senich recommends using a “generous amount of seasoning” of your meat, starting with a clean grill, not being afraid of heat — or flipping — and using a meat thermometer to make sure you’re getting the exact temperature you're aiming for.
https://www.foxnews.com/health/global-coronavirus-cases-surpass-5-million|2 days ago|Global coronavirus cases surpass 5 million|Global cases of the novel surpassed 5 million early Thursday, nearly five months after the first infection was reported in the Chinese city of Wuhan. The virus has now spread to more people in under six months than the total number of severe flu cases each year, which is estimated to infect about three to five million globally, according to the World Health Organization (WHO). The U.S. has recorded the most COVID-19 cases, with more than 1,551,853 total infections and at least 93,439 deaths from the virus. However, a new phase in the virus’ spread has occurred within the past week, as Latin America recently overtook the U.S. and Europe in having the largest portion of new cases each day. Brazil -- South America's most populous country -- recently surpassed Germany, France, and the United Kingdom to become the third-largest outbreak in the world, behind only the U.S. and Russia, according to data from Johns Hopkins University. They now have more than 291,579 confirmed coronavirus cases and at least 18,859 deaths from the virus. The country had just 125,000 cases as of two weeks ago, which are rising at a pace second only to the U.S. Latin America accounted for roughly a third of the 91,000 COVID-19 cases reported earlier this week, according to Reuters. Europe and the U.S. each accounted for just over 20 percent. The coronavirus has now killed at least 328,172 people as of Thursday morning, which is roughly 424 times the amount of people that died during the SARS outbreak back in 2003, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. The number is likely to be higher due to limited testing in many countries throughout the world, the news organization reported. Many also don't include deaths outside of hospitals. More than 100,000 COVID-19 cases were reported by the WHO in the previous 24 hours on Wednesday, which was the most in one day since the start of the pandemic. “We still have a long way to go in this pandemic,” Director-General Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus said at a news conference. “We are very concerned about rising cases in low- and middle-income countries.” Roughly one million new cases are being reported every two weeks, according to . It took just under three months to reach one million cases after the first death from the virus was reported by state media in Wuhan back on Jan 11.
https://www.foxnews.com/sports/drawing-that-parodies-tokyo-olympic-logo-pulled-from-website|2 days ago|Drawing that parodies Tokyo Olympic logo pulled from website|A drawing that uses the logo and combines it with features of the COVID-19 virus was being removed on Thursday from the website of the Foreign Correspondents’ Club of Japan. Action to pull the drawing came after the Tokyo Olympic organizing committee demanded the withdrawal and claimed copyright infringement. FCCJ President Khaldon Azhari said the club’s lawyers agreed the drawing had likely infringed Japan’s tight copyright laws. He said the move would not limit the club’s freedom of expression, nor its ability in the future to use parody or satire. He also expressed “sincere regret to anyone who may have been offended on all sides of this issue.” “In the FCCJ’s 75-year history, it has always stood as a beacon for the freedom of press in Japan, and continues to stand for those values,”Azhari said in an online news conference. “And for the right of journalists to hold authorities to account. This is beyond any question.” Tokyo Olympic CEO Toshiro Muto confirmed later in the day that Azhari is a member of the organizing committee's media commission. He described the membership as “irrelevant" to this situation. He said the main issues were the copyright laws and “inconsideration” shown by using the image. “This is not related to conflict of interest at all,”Muto said. The look-alike emblem appeared on the cover of the club’s magazine published in April. It did not become an issue beyond a small circle in Japan until the Tokyo Olympic organizing committee raised it earlier this week. Since then it has been covered online and elsewhere, with the logo appearing frequently in searches. Äzhari read a letter from the Tokyo Olympic organizers to the FCCJ. It said: “To deliberately paint this emblem in a negative light by associating it with the COVID-19 virus ... is in direct opposition to the ideals of the Olympic movement.” Azhari said magazines would not be confiscated. Removing the drawing only applies to the website. “In the media in Japan, many of my colleagues feel very much annoyed by the restrictions on parody, and on the the TV footage," Azhari said. "There are so many restrictions here. I hope this incident will be a very good chance to open a good discussion about this issue in Japan.”
https://video.foxnews.com/v/6158168199001/|__clean_error__|__clean_error__|
https://www.foxnews.com/entertainment/jimmy-kimmel-responds-to-wh-press-secretarys-scolding-over-hydroxychloroquine|2 days ago|Jimmy Kimmel responds to WH press secretary's 'scolding' over hydroxychloroquine|responded Wednesday night to what he described as a “scolding” from press secretary Kayleigh McEnany over a joke he made earlier in the week about taking hydroxychloroquine to prevent the . “Apparently that message resonated," Kimmel said on ABC's "Jimmy Kimmel Live," "because I got a scolding from White House press secretary number four, Kayleigh Mc-a-looney. She’s definitely still getting her hair colored, right? Anyway, thank you for watching, Kayleigh. It’s always nice to welcome a new fan.” Kimmel had joked that Trump was “trying to kill himself” by using the drug, which the Food and Drug Administration warns can cause life-threatening heart problems. McEnany responded Wednesday at a White House news briefing, naming Kimmel among several other media figures whom she cited for their "apoplectic" hydroxychloroquine coverage. Also targeted were MSNBC's Joe Scarborough and CNN's Chris Cuomo. Trump has been extolling the potential benefits of hydroxychloroquine since the beginning of the crisis, but medical experts and health officials have debated how effective the anti-malaria drug is for either preventing or treating the coronavirus. McEnany stressed the drug is not meant to be used without a prescription and confirmed Trump had been prescribed it by his doctor. Kimmel recently apologized after he showed a misleading clip of Vice President Mike Pence carrying an empty box of personal protective equipment (PPE) to a hospital. "it would appear that @vp was joking about carrying empty boxes for a staged publicity stunt," Kimmel tweeted after he was criticized for saying Pence asked his team if he could wheel the boxes in "just for the camera." "The full video reveals that he was carrying full boxes for a staged publicity stunt. My apologies. I know how dearly this administration values truth," he added sarcastically.
https://www.foxnews.com/media/msnbcs-mika-brzezinski-wants-trump-blocked-by-twitter-a-call-is-being-set-up|2 days ago|MSNBC’s Mika Brzezinski wants Trump blocked by Twitter: ‘A call is being set up’|apparently struck a nerve Wednesday with a message that referred to MSNBC "Morning Joe" host . Scarborough's co-host and wife fired back, both on and on Twitter, then claimed she had arranged to speak with officials at Twitter regarding the content of Trump's posts -- and her call for the president to be banned from the social media platform. “A call is being set up with @jack and the GC,” Brzezinski , referring to Twitter CEO and the company’s general counsel. In particular, Brzezinski objected to Trump messages about Scarborough that the president posted Wednesday and on May 12. In the May 12 message, Trump had called for authorities to reopen an investigation into the 2001 death of a former congressional aide to Scarborough – a case that authorities have said was accidental, with no foul play suspected, . Trump as the “Psycho Joe Scarborough matter in Florida.” On Wednesday, Trump repeated the call, writing, “Open Cold Case!” Brzezinski took offense to the president’s speculation on whether Scarborough was directly involved in the case. “He’s once again tweeting conspiracy theories about Joe, falsely accusing him of murder, talking about a death of a young staffer in his office years ago, and calling him dangerous to walk the streets,” Brzezinski said on the air. “That’s sick. Donald, you’re a sick person. You’re a sick person,” Brzezinski added. She accused Trump of trying to use the past case to deflect from Scarborough’s recent criticisms of the president’s handling of the coronavirus outbreak. “Because you’re mad at Joe, because Joe got you again today, because he speaks the truth,” she said, “and he speaks plainly about your lack of interest and empathy in others and your lack of ability to handle this massive human catastrophe, the fact that you have made it worse and you make it worse every day.” Later, Brzezinski raised the possibility that Twitter could share in responsibility for the content of Trump’s messages. “At what point is @Twitter a part of this?” Brzezinski , addressed directly to Dorsey. “TAKE DOWN TRUMP’S ACCOUNT – the world world [sic] be safer.” As of late Wednesday, neither Dorsey nor Twitter General Counsel Sean Edgett had posted any messages confirming plans to communicate with Brzezinksi or her staff.
https://www.foxnews.com/media/hannity-warns-new-yorkers-grab-your-wallets|2 days ago|Sean Hannity warns New Yorkers to 'grab your wallets' because 'you're about to get robbed'|called for America to reopen "right away" Wednesday, saying that the time had come to eliminate "one size fits all" lockdown orders before slamming 's response to the . "This is the cover of The New York Post tomorrow," Hannity said, as a graphic displayed the front page of the tabloid's Thursday edition. "It reads, 'The Big Apple is dying. Its streets are empty. Tens of thousands of have been plunged into poverty. Our leaders have no plan, no answers. New Yorkers have already learned to social distance. Businesses can adjust. The elderly and sick can continue to be isolated. But it needs to end. Now,'" Hannity said, quoting columnist David Marcus. "Here's my prediction," the host went on. "New York City, New York state leaders, so-called leaders, they will not listen until it's too late. "Grab your wallets if you live in New York. You're about to get robbed," Hannity warned. "They are going to rob you because they'll never be able to get their way out of this mess they created." Hannity criticized the initial stay-at-home order, saying it may have killed more people than the coronavirus. "In the absence of conclusive data, these lockdowns were justified initially, but millions of lives were being destroyed with little consideration that the lockdowns might not only cause economic devastation, but potentially more deaths than COVID-19 itself," Hannity said. "Now these endless, one-size-fits-all lockdown orders ... they need to end now." The host then declared that if Americans want to know how to open the country, they should follow the lead of states like Texas and Florida. "We know how to do this. We know how to do it safely. Americans are screaming to get their freedom and their country back. And they're even willing to wear masks in the appropriate situations," he said. "Florida got it right. Texas got it right. And guess what? Now it's time for all the states to follow their lead. "And by the way, we can learn from some states that were successful. More importantly, we need to learn from the abject failures, meaning New York, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Michigan." Hannity also said the media owed Florida Gov. Ron DeSantis an apology for their criticism of his reopening strategy. "You owe Governor DeSantis a huge apology because you accused him of wanting to kill grandma because you opened Florida's beaches. Grandma wasn't going to the beach in her bikini," Hannity said. "Grandma was sheltering in place because he [DeSantis] already sent his National Guard and every state agency to every elderly care facility and nursing home ... So they were preparing the whole time. Guess what? They weren't wrong. Others were."
https://www.foxnews.com/us/more-1200-california-pastors-vow-hold-service-month-defiance-state-order|2 days ago|More than 1,200 California pastors vow to hold services in defiance of state order|More than 1,200 pastors in plan on resuming in-person religious services on May 31, in defiance of temporary ban on religious gatherings to limit the spread of . Robert Tyler, an attorney representing a church in Lodi that sued Newsom last month, said the large group of pastors signed a “declaration of essentially” asserting their churches were essential and should be allowed to open. It detailed their plan to reopen on May 31 -- with or without the governor's permission -- while observing physical distancing and other virus precautions. “We believe you are attempting to act in the best interests of the state,” Tyler wrote to Newsom, according to the Los Angeles Times, “but the restrictions have gone too far and for too long. Newsom has slowly allowed some businesses to reopen as California's coronavirus hospitalizations have flattened in recent weeks. While retail business, office buildings, restaurants, shopping centers were approved to open as part of California's second phase -- churches are still banned -- along with hair salons and sporting events. They are barred from reopening until the state's third phase. On Monday, Newsom said that could happen within weeks. Tyler said some of the pastors represent multiple churches. He expects that up to 3,000 churches across California could have in-person services on May 31. “This letter was not sent for the purposes of asking for permission,” he added. The letter comes as a high-ranking Justice Department (DOJ) official Tuesday that parts of the state’s coronavirus shutdown order may infringe upon religious freedoms in California. “Simply put, there is no pandemic exception to the U.S. Constitution and its Bill of Rights,” Assistant Attorney General Eric Dreiband wrote. "Laws that do not treat religious activities equally with comparable nonreligious activities are subject to heightened scrutiny under the Free Exercise Clause of the First Amendment." U.S. District Judge John A. Mendez previously denied the church's request to keep the state from enforcing the ban on in-person worship. In that decision, he wrote that “during public health crises, new considerations come to bear, and government officials must ask whether even fundamental rights must give way to a deeper need to control the spread of infectious disease and protect the lives of society’s most vulnerable," according to the . Rabbi Michael Barclay signed the letter and plans on resuming services on May 31. He said he's been streaming his services, but not all of his congregants can use electricity on the Sabbath. “It’s been extremely difficult to stay in contact with people, especially to deal with people and their psychological, emotional, and spiritual needs,” said Barclay. “It really has hurt the psyche and the spirit of people.” Meanwhile, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention released a on Tuesday which showed that two symptomatic people who later tested positive for COVID-19 attended church events in rural Arkansas back in early March. 35 of 92 attendees who participated in events at the church later contracted the virus and three of them died. "We stayed home so the virus quieted down and stopped spreading widely where it was spreading widely, but it's still out there," CDC director Tom Frieden told Fox News . "So anytime you have a lot of people together in an indoor space and one of them is infectious, you can have a lot of cases." In March, local police entered the Cross-Culture Christian Center in Lodi during a service to tell them they were violating the governor’s order. The church’s landlord later changed the locks, and police threatened to cite anyone who entered the property. California has more than 85,997 confirmed coronavirus cases and at least 3,497 deaths from the virus as of Wednesday night, according to data from Johns Hopkins University.
https://www.foxnews.com/politics/kayleigh-mcenany-slams-cnns-chris-cuomos-use-of-less-safe-drug-to-fight-coronavirus|2 days ago|Kayleigh McEnany slams CNN's Chris Cuomo's use of 'less safe' drug to fight coronavirus|press secretary Kayleigh McEnany on Wednesday called out CNN’s Chris Cuomo for taking a “less safe version" of hydroxychloroquine during his recent bout with the coronavirus. "You had Chris Cuomo saying, ‘The president knows that hydroxychloroquine is not supported by science. He knows it has been flagged by his own people and he has been using it.’ Well, Cuomo mocked the president for this,” McEnany said. She then compared hydroxychloroquine -- which President Trump recently said he is taking to prevent catching the virus -- to the one that Cuomo claims to be using. “Hydroxychloroquine, of course, is an FDA-approved medication with a long-proven track record for safety," she continued, "and it turns out that Chris Cuomo took a less safe version of it called quinine which the FDA removed from the market in 2006 because of its serious side effects, including death. So, really interesting to have that criticism of the president." Cuomo’s wife, Cristina Cuomo, recently addressed her husband's coronavirus recovery, explaining on her website he’s taking “potenized quinine,” which she called a “natural antibiotic.” On Monday, President Trump told reporters he has been using hydroxychloroquine as a prophylactic against the coronavirus for a little more than a week. Trump has been extolling the potential benefits of hydroxychloroquine since the beginning of the crisis, but medical experts and health officials have debated how effective the anti-malaria drug is for either preventing or treating the coronavirus. The Food and Drug Administration approved use of the drug in March as an emergency treatment for the virus but warned it can cause “life threatening” heart problems. McEnany agreed the drug should be used only as prescribed. Trump said he had requested the drug from his doctor and McEnany confirmed it had been prescribed to the president.
https://www.foxnews.com/media/alex-berenson-nyc-lockdown-made-coronavirus-worse|2 days ago|Ex-NY Times reporter says NYC lockdown 'might have actually worsened things at the worst possible time'|Former New York Times reporter Alex Berenson told " " Wednesday that there is an "increasingly plausible case" that lockdowns are "at best irrelevant" and may even have worsened the effect of the pandemic in New York City, the epicenter of the outbreak in the U.S. "They might have actually worsened things at the worst possible time in New York City, for example, by driving people back into small apartments and by driving people to emergency rooms," Berenson told host Laura Ingraham. "So, you know, this idea that lockdowns have saved tens or hundreds of thousands of people, frankly, there's essentially no evidence of that," he added. New York state had reported more than 354,000 confirmed coronavirus cases and nearly 23,000 deaths as of Tuesday evening. More than 194,500 cases and 14,800 deaths occurred in New York City. Earlier Wednesday, Gov. Andrew Cuomo brushed off call for the Department of Justice to open an investigation into the number of deaths in New York's nursing homes during the pandemic, claiming he was only following guidelines from the Trump administration and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention when his administration told nursing homes to re-admit COVID-19 patients after they had been discharged from the hospital. "All the places that have seen the most deaths, the deaths are very, very heavily skewed to older people, especially people over 80," said Berenson, who added that "there's been an effort made to try to scare people who are relatively low-risk here. And I guess that is to try to keep political support for the lockdowns." "The problem is this comes at a huge cost in that states are not protecting the people that need to be protected," he added. "In fact, you see in Florida, where they've actually made a real effort to protect nursing homes in ways they [New York] didn't, in some of the more heavily locked up states, there's been far fewer deaths, even though there are many, many elderly people in Florida."
https://www.foxnews.com/media/cuban-trump-not-best-people-in-place|2 days ago|Mark Cuban says Trump 'just wants people who are loyal to him': 'Donald doesn't put the best people in place'|Billionaire entrepreneur and Dallas Mavericks owner admitted to Wednesday that both and former Vice President "scare" him as potential Oval Office occupants. "You know what, both sides scare me," the "Shark Tank" star explained. "I'm not going to lie. Joe Biden scares me in some areas and President Trump scares me in more areas right now ... because I think that Donald doesn't put the best people in place any longer. "He did at the beginning and I was proud of him," added Cuban, who has declined to rule out a late third-party run for the White House "... but now he just wants people who are loyal to him ... that's a problem and it's created more problems in this pandemic." Cuban, who has publically criticized the administration's response to the coronavirus, told Hannity he gives Trump "100 percent" credit for his early decision to restrict travel from China, but denounced the overall response as "confusing" and unorganized. "Both parties made mistakes and it cost people their lives," he said. Hannity then questioned Cuban's support of the presumptive Democratic nominee, pointing to a montage of verbal gaffes by Biden on the campaign trail. "You're too good and too smart and too good a businessman," Hannity said. "It doesn't make any sense to me." Cuban acknowledged that Biden is "the king of malaprops," but stopped short of questioning his competence to be president. Earlier in the interview, Hannity asked Cuban about the possibility that the NBA could resume its season by playing games in open-air facilities with gameday personnel undergoing coronavirus tests and fans requiring to wear masks and having their temperatures checked. "We have played games outside before, so you're in the right direction there, it's obviously a lot safer to do it outside," Cuban said. "I am not as big a fan of the temperature check, becuse if you just eat three quick extra-strength Tylenol, you can beat those tests. But we're getting to that point, Sean, where we are going to be able to do some testing and hopefully be able to play games. I don't think we're ready for fans yet, but let us take that first step."
https://www.foxnews.com/opinion/judge-andrew-napolitano-government|2 days ago|Judge Andrew Napolitano: What if the government has it wrong?|What if the government has it wrong -- on the and the law? What if face masks can’t stop the ? What if quarantining the healthy makes no medical sense? What if staying at home for months reduces immunity? What if more people have been infected with the in their homes than outside them? What if there are as many credible scientists and physicians who disagree with the government as those who agree with it? What if the government chooses to listen only to scientists and physicians who would tell it what it wanted to hear? What if the government silences scientists and physicians, and even fires one, who attempt to tell it what it didn’t want to hear? What if the government wants to stoke fear in the populace because mass fear produces mass compliance? What if individual fear reduces individual immunity? What if a healthy immunity gets stronger when challenged? What if a pampered immunity gets weaker when challenged? What if we all pass germs and viruses -- that we don’t even know we have -- on to others all the time, but their immune systems repel what we pass on to them? What if the COVID-19 virus has run its course and run into natural immunities? What if many folks have had symptom-free episodes with many viruses and are now immune from them? What if the government refuses to understand this because it undermines the government’s power to control us? What if government orders to nursing homes and assisted living facilities to accept the sick and contagious are insane? What if the same government that micromanages nursing homes and assisted living facilities knows that they are not hospitals and are not equipped to cure the sick or contain contagion? What if the government makes health care decisions not on the basis of medicine or human nature but statistics? What if reliance on the government’s statistics has made many folks sick? What if we’d all be healthier and happier if we make our own choices with our own physicians rather than the government making choices for us? What if it is un-American for the government to tell you how to care for yourself? What if it is equally un-American for you to follow the government when it intrudes into your personal choices? What if the Supreme Court has ruled many times that your health care decisions are private, personal and to be made between you and your physician? What if the Supreme Court has also ruled many times that your private health care decisions are none of the government’s business? What if we never elected a government to keep us free from all viruses, but we did elect it to keep us free from all tyrants? What if the government -- which can’t deliver the mail, fill potholes, stop robocalls, or spend within its income -- is the last entity on earth into whose hands we would voluntarily repose our health for safekeeping? What if the government won’t admit that its understanding of science is colored by politics? What if the government has misunderstood its mandate? What if the government thinks it can do its job by keeping us safe but unfree? What if -- according to the Constitution and the Declaration of Independence -- government’s first duty is to safeguard our rights? What if there is no legal basis for the government to keep us at home or to close our businesses? What if the government gave itself the power to interfere with our personal choices? What if that self-imposed power violates the basic constitutional principle that the government derives its powers from the consent of the governed? What if no one consented to a government that interferes with our personal choices? What if our personal choices to take personal chances have never needed a government permission slip? What if the Constitution was written to restrain the government? What if all in government -- local, state and federal -- have taken an oath to uphold and comply with the Constitution? What if the government decrees that liquor sales are essential but clothing sales are not? What if the government decrees that abortions are essential but orthopedic surgery is not? What if the government decrees that music stores are essential but the free exercise of religion is not? What if these decisions about what is essential and inessential are for individuals -- and not for the government -- to make? What if to the barber or short-order cook or retail salesperson a barbershop and a luncheonette and a clothing store are essential? What if to those who love God, the free exercise of religion is essential? What if the government makes essential whatever serves its friends, enhances its wealth, maintains its stability and removes obstacles to its exercise of power? What if the Constitution -- with its protections of our rights to make free choices -- is an intentional obstacle to governmental power? What if America’s founders and the Constitution’s framers chose liberty over safety? What if the government doesn’t like that choice? What if the government only nominally endorses it? What if -- when the pandemic is over -- the government remains tyrannical? What if -- when the pandemic is over -- folks sue the government for its destruction of life, liberty and property only to learn that the government gave itself immunity from such lawsuits? What if -- when the pandemic is over -- the government refuses to acknowledge its end? What if -- as Thomas Jefferson said -- the blood of patriots should be spilled on the tree of revolution at least once in every generation? What if we nullify the government that has nullified our rights?
https://video.foxnews.com/v/6158153427001/|__clean_error__|__clean_error__|
https://www.foxnews.com/media/alan-dershowitz-forced-coronavirus-vaccinations-are-constitutional|2 days ago|Dershowitz says forced coronavirus vaccination could happen: 'Police power of the state is very considerable'|Harvard Law professor emeritus Alan Dershowitz joined " " Wednesday to discuss the constitutionality of forcing members of the public to be vaccinated against the , should a vaccine become available. Host Tucker Carlson began the segment by acknowledging the argument that people "don't have a right to endanger other people, your right to punch ends at the tip of my nose" before asking Dershowitz whether "the government has a right to endanger" people who may have an adverse reaction to a vaccine by forcing them to take it. "The Supreme Court has said yes, and if the case came to the Supreme Court today, they would say yes, it would either be 9-0 or 8-1," Dershowitz responded. "It is not a debatable issue constitutionally. Look, they have a right to draft you and put your life in danger to help the country. The police power of the state is very considerable." Dershowitz added that he agrees with the "moral argument" that no one should be subject to vaccine that has not been fully vetted on the chance it could help other people and noted that he wouldn't want people to submit to a vaccine unless it is proven safe. "If the vaccine is extremely safe, then the state does have the right to tell you to take it," he said. "Vaccines work on a theory of mass inoculation. You're not taking it to help yourself. "If there were a vaccine developed for cancer or a heart condition," Dershowitz added," obviously you and I would have a right to say no, we have the right to die." The prominent civil libertarian said people who object to being vaccinated may instead be forced to submit to further quarantine enforcement before emphasizing that no one has a right to "circulate in society without being vaccinated." "I don't believe you have a right to be and spread it."
https://video.foxnews.com/v/6158151795001/|__clean_error__|__clean_error__|
https://www.foxnews.com/media/cnn-chris-cuomo-andrew-cuomo-nursing-home-controversy-new-york|2 days ago|CNN's Chris Cuomo does prop comedy with NY Gov. Andrew Cuomo, fails to ask about nursing-home controversy|CNN anchor again did not address the growing nursing-home controversy in his latest interview with his brother, New York Gov. , and instead performed some prop comedy on Wednesday night. Andrew Cuomo, a Democrat, recently reversed a March 25 order that forced nursing homes to accept patients who tested positive for coronavirus, despite testing deficiencies for both residents and staff. Cuomo signed an executive order on May 11 stopping hospitals from sending infected patients back to nursing homes and ramping up testing for staff. Nearly 5,800 people have died from COVID-19 in nursing homes in New York. Roughly 20 percent of all deaths in the state have occurred in nursing homes. However, in the roughly 25-minute sit-down with the governor on Wednesday night, Chris Cuomo made no mention of that growing death toll, something Andrew Cuomo is facing increased scrutiny over. The banter marathon between the two brothers later turned into physical comedy after the CNN anchor played a clip of his brother taking a coronavirus test where a nurse placed a cotton swab up his nostril. "Is it true that this was the swab that the nurse was actually using on you?" the primetime host asked his brother while holding an overly-sized cotton swab. He then quickly followed by presenting him an even larger cotton swab, asking the governor if that was the one the nurse used on him. There was only one mention of nursing homes during the entire interview, which was when Andrew Cuomo was boasting about the state's increased coronavirus testing capabilities and listed nursing homes and prisons among the sites that they have been administered. CNN did not immediately respond to Fox News' request for comment. Andrew Cuomo has been interviewed on CNN at least 20 times since March 8, with his younger brother conducting now 10 of them. "CNN's coverage of Andrew Cuomo has been consistent with much of the media, focus on the glowing verbiage and ignore the catastrophic mishandling of nursing homes that led to thousands of deaths,” Cornell Law School professor and media critic William A. Jacobson told Fox News. “This problem is compounded by a serious conflict of interest arising from the relationship between Chris Cuomo, one of CNN's highest-profile news personalities, and his brother the Governor,” Jacobson added. “Chris Cuomo should not be allowed to cover or comment on air about his brother, and CNN should appoint someone to monitor and review coverage of Andrew Cuomo to prevent this conflict of interest from bleeding over to other news coverage.”
https://www.foxnews.com/world/wuhan-bans-eating-hunting-wildlife-response-coronavirus-pandemic|2 days ago|Wuhan bans hunting, eating wild animals in response to coronavirus crisis|Wuhan, the city at the center of the in , announced Wednesday that eating and hunting wild animals within the city limits has been banned, declaring Wuhan a “wildlife sanctuary,” according to a report. Local authorities in the city of over 11 million have said exotic animals are no longer allowed to be farmed, and breeders will be offered a one-time cash payment as part of a wider national scheme to end exotic animal breeding, reported Wednesday. This is the first national plan in China to stop the breeding. Two provinces have reportedly agreed to the plan just one month after China also reclassified dogs from "livestock" to "pets." Chinese officials had already banned the sale and consumption of wild animals during the coronavirus pandemic, which some officials believed originated in a wet market in Wuhan. Some also believe the virus first spread from bats to humans, though other wild animals have been considered as the virus' origin. Government-sanctioned hunting is still permitted for "scientific research, population regulation, monitoring of epidemic diseases and other special circumstances." The province of Hunan announced its plan to establish a compensation scheme to encourage breeders to farm other livestock. Hunan authorities will evaluate each farm for compensation based on the exotic animals they reared. The neighboring province of Jiangxi has crafted a similar plan, but officials have estimated that there are more than 2,300 licensed breeders and their stock could be worth upward of 1.6 billion yuan, or $225 million, sources told . According to the Human Society International (HSI), the wildlife consumption trade in China is “worth 125 billion yuan, roughly $18 billion.” But wildlife consumption is not the biggest industry in the country. “The largest proportion of China’s wildlife farming [is] the fur industry, worth 389 billion yuan ($55 billion) annually," the society said. The HSI believes there are already plans being made to have “millions of raccoon dogs, foxes and mink farmed for fur" retitled from “wildlife” to “livestock” as a way to continue to farm these animals. “While the transition of wildlife farmers to other livelihoods is, of course, a very positive move... [the] inevitable consequence of that is that a vast number of the wild animals being mass-produced on farms across China will likely be culled or moved to other exploitative industries,” Dr. Peter Li, Humane Society International’s China policy specialist, said in a Monday.
https://www.foxnews.com/us/swollen-michigan-river-crests-whitmer-officials-warn-flood-danger|2 days ago|Swollen Michigan river crests as Whitmer, officials warn flood danger isn't over yet|Following a state of emergency from Gov. on Tuesday due to flash flooding, state officials are warning residents to remain vigilant as more danger might still lie ahead. Whitmer issued a state of emergency for Midland County after were breached in the area, forcing the evacuation of about 10,000 people in mid-Michigan. “If you have not evacuated the area, do so now and get somewhere safe,” she said late Tuesday night. “This is unlike anything we’ve seen in Midland County." Flood warnings in Michigan were issued following widespread rainfall of four to seven inches since Sunday, according to the National Weather Service. Heavy runoff began to push rivers higher, Fox 2 . The Tittabawassee River topped a 1986 record of 33.9 feet and is expected to crest at about 38 feet. Floodwaters surged through Central Michigan on Wednesday and were beginning to mix with containment ponds at a Dow Chemical plant, which could end up displacing sediment from an Protection Agency (EPA) Superfund site, according to The Associated Press. Dow Chemical reportedly said there is no risk to people or the environment. They claimed the ponds only hold water and that there were no chemical releases from the plant. After flooding recedes, Dow will be legally required to assess the Superfund site to see if, in fact, any contaminants were released, The AP reported. Whitmer warned that the flooding could reach unprecedented levels as the crisis continues. "We are anticipating a historic high of water level," she said Tuesday. Residents in Edenville and Sanford counties were told by local law enforcement to evacuate. Both south and west sides of the city of Midland were evacuated, as well as the village of Sanford and the Dow Chemical plant. Officials are in the process of evacuating Tittabawassee Township, Thomas Township and Saginaw Township. No injuries or fatalities related to the flooding have been reported, according to Midland spokeswoman Selina Tisdale. In Edenville, Bob Yahrmarkt, 79, told The AP he evacuated his home Tuesday and couldn't comprehend what he saw when he returned on Wednesday. "I'm looking at a sand pile and concrete where the garage was," he said. tweeted about the flooding earlier on Wednesday and tied it into the hotly contested COVID-19 stay-at-home orders that were issued by Whitmer. He said she must release residents to allow them to help with the weather emergency. "We have sent our best Military & . Teams, already there. Governor must now 'set you free' to help. Will be with you soon," the commander in chief tweeted. Whitmer also said the state would be launching an investigation into the operators of that dams that failed to discover what went wrong. She called the event a once-in-500-year occurrence. "I think like everyone it was hard to believe we're in the midst of a 100-year crisis, a global and we're also dealing with a flooding event that looks to be the worse in 500 years," she added.
https://video.foxnews.com/v/6158132396001/|__clean_error__|__clean_error__|
https://www.foxnews.com/politics/dr-fauci-second-opinion-job-creators-network-coronavirus|2 days ago|'Dr. Fauci, we'd like a second opinion': Job Creators Network cries foul on coronavirus shutdowns|The Job Creators Network is running a full-page ad in the Thursday to post an open letter to , calling for a “second opinion” on the shutdown. Fauci, the director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, is a member of the coronavirus response task force. “You are the nation’s leading voice on how and when society reopens from the pandemic-induced shutdown,” begins. “And while Americans appreciate your service, your voice represents one of many important perspectives in the medical field.” The missive, signed by President and CEO , goes on to declare that just as patients would “routinely seek a second opinion regarding any serious medical procedure, we ask respectfully for a second opinion on this urgent issue before us.” The Job Creators Network is a conservative advocacy group. While Fauci is one of the federal government’s most prominent faces amid the pandemic, has left it largely up to the states and their governors to decide how to move forward with reopening under federal guidelines that recommend a series of gradual steps. But Fauci’s statements remain influential, and Republican clashed with him during a virtual Senate hearing last week. “I think we oughtta have a little bit of humility in our belief that we know what’s best for the economy,” Paul said. “And as much as I respect you Dr. Fauci, I don’t think you’re the end all. I don’t think you’re the one person that gets to make a decision.” Fauci responded by denying that he is the “end all” or “only voice in this.” “I don’t give advice about economic things,” Fauci said. “I don’t give advice about anything other than public health.” But Ortiz took aim at more than just the coronavirus shutdown’s economic consequences, which have resulted in skyrocketing unemployment claims and the devastation of small businesses around the country. The effects of the shutdown have also impacted parts of the health care industry for providers specializing in non-COVID care. Under early coronavirus guidelines, doctors and patients postponed or canceled millions of screenings and other appointments. “While COVID-19 can be deadly, so can delaying needed health care procedures,” Ortiz wrote. “Delaying treatments for cancer or other chronic diseases can dramatically worsen treatment outcomes.” Dr. Pat Basu, the president and CEO of , is also sounding the alarm about missed appointments and screenings -- both for cancer and other common, non-coronavirus illnesses. “In cancer, the bedrock of therapy has been catch it early, treat it consistently and treat it completely,” he said. But having appointments canceled or postponed due to the coronavirus outbreak has complicated the idea of catching it early, as well as treatment. Basu recommends that anyone who had an appointment canceled or postponed contact their doctor for advice on how to move forward. He told Fox News that patients should weigh the seriousness of their health concerns and advice from their doctors, combined with factors such as underlying health conditions that would make them a higher risk for contracting coronavirus and the extent of the outbreak in their local communities when deciding to seek in-person treatment. He also warned of a “shadow curve” of non-coronavirus illnesses that may be going undiagnosed as millions of Americans skip their checkups and screenings. The curve is a reference to the common phrase “flatten the curve,” which means reducing the rate of coronavirus infections to free up hospital resources for the worst cases -- a theme that Ortiz returned to in the full-page ad. “Shutting down society was intended to flatten the curve and prevent hospitals from being overwhelmed,” Ortiz wrote. “It has achieved these goals at immense economic and social cost.”
https://www.foxnews.com/health/cancer-treatment-centers-of-america-ceo-warns-shadow-curve-coronavirus|2 days ago|Cancer Treatment Centers of America CEO warns of 'shadow curve' of undiagnosed illnesses amid coronavirus|Patients who have postponed or canceled doctor’s appointments or treatments due to the pandemic should get in touch with their doctors and resume their health care routines, according to the president and CEO of . Dr. Pat Basu is warning of a “shadow curve” that may result in a dramatic spike in undiagnosed and untreated non-coronavirus illnesses -- and deaths -- as a side effect of the pandemic. Doctors find a lot of during screenings – and many more incidentally as they meet with patients for non-cancer examinations. And neither of those types of appointments are happening as often as they were before the COVID-19 outbreak, Basu told Fox News Wednesday. “That, to me, is a major concern,” he said. And it’s not just missed cancer diagnoses – postponed appointments could leave patients in the dark about heart disease, neurologic problems and other conditions, he said. Governors and health care organizations should urge Americans to “go get your medical care,” he said. Anyone with an active diagnosis should continue treatment, he said. Patients who postponed screenings or follow-up appointments should consider scheduling them soon, and otherwise healthy people should at least remain in touch with their doctors. There are also potential behavioral and social risks adding to the “shadow curve,” he said: for mental health issues like suicides and domestic abuse, as well as the effects on children missing too much school. If this other curve goes ignored, he said the death toll could be much higher than that of COVID-19. Picture this: Three years into the future, he said, researchers may look back at the pandemic and count the deaths that resulted from undiagnosed conditions -- from heart attack, cancer, stroke or mental health. “We need to prevent that study in 2023 from being written,” he warned. “We need to stop that tidal wave from causing absolute destruction.” It’s possible, he said, by focusing on letting patients know they should still pay attention to other health issues, although the coronavirus is widespread, highly contagious and potentially deadly. “We are equipped, as a health care system, to address these things, as long as we don’t have a one-size-fits-all monolithic policy,” he said. Basu said that patients should weigh the seriousness of their health concerns and advice from their doctors, combined with factors such as underlying health conditions that would make them a higher risk for contracting coronavirus and the extent of the outbreak in their local communities when deciding to seek in-person treatment. The American Cancer Society, which had earlier encouraged the postponement of nonessential screenings, is now urging patients to return to seeking cancer screenings if they feel safe about visiting their health care providers. The CDC seems to have taken notice, as well. It announced a last week for non-coronavirus care. The guidance weighs the rate at which COVID-19 is impacting a given community and the non-coronavirus health risks involved if seeking care is delayed. Dr. Basu gave another example: Between 1.7 and 1.8 million cases of cancer are diagnosed each year, but people who have skipped appointments over the last three months are not getting diagnosed. If they wait until next year, when an undiagnosed condition may worsen, even if it remains treatable, they could face dramatically worse consequences to their quality of life for years. The difference between the different stages of cancer are “exponential,” he explained. “I’d rather help you at stage 2 than stage 3, or stage 3 than stage 4,” he said.
https://video.foxnews.com/v/6158135199001/|__clean_error__|__clean_error__|
https://www.foxnews.com/media/dr-marc-siegel-deaths-of-despair-coronavirus|2 days ago|Dr. Siegel predicts 'more deaths of despair' than from virus: 'Lockdowns don't work' if contagion widespread|Fox News medical contributor Dr. Marc Siegel told " " Wednesday that "lockdowns don't work" once a virus becomes widespread as the debate over when and how to continue reopening the country rages on. "Lockdowns don't work if there is in the area, in the community, in the state, the country," Siegel said. The NYU Langone internist referenced what he called a "shocking" indicating that states and countries where lockdowns were implemented have had a higher rate of COVID-19 cases than locations that remained open throughout the pandemic. "South Dakota, which was never locked down, has had almost no cases over the last several days," Siegel noted. "In Hong Kong ... they have a very ineffective government. You know why they have been able to do so well with only four deaths from COVID-19?" Siegel said, "Because the people behaved. They knew how to do social distancing. It wasn't locking down. Locking down definitely doesn't make the problem better ... if there is already a lot of virus." Siegel urged state leaders to ease restrictions as soon as possible, citing concerns of an uptick in "deaths of despair." "You know what locking down does? Locking down destroys our health care system to the point where we have more heart attacks [in patients] that are not going to the hospital now," he said. "More strokes that are not going to the hospital now. More cancer that is not being screened. People say they are afraid to go to the emergency room right now. " On Tuesday, more than 600 doctors signed on to a letter calling on to end the so-called "national shutdown," calling stay-at-home orders keeping businesses closed and kids home from a "mass casualty incident" with "exponentially growing health consequences." "Suicide, drug abuse, alcoholism," Siegel said, "there are going to be more deaths of despair than from the virus itself."
https://www.foxnews.com/politics/gop-lawmakers-trump-suspend-guest-worker-programs|2 days ago|GOP lawmakers urge Trump to temporarily suspend guest worker programs|GOP members of the lead by House Freedom Caucus Chairman Rep. Andy Biggs, R-Ariz., have asked to halt new guest worker visas temporarily. “My colleagues and I urge President Trump to suspend granting new guest worker visas for at least one year so that Americans are not forced to compete with foreign labor as our nation recovers,” Biggs told Fox News. In a letter to the president, conservative House members reportedly applauded measures that the president took last month when he signed an executive order limiting immigration into the U.S. for 60 days but asked that he expand the restrictions to cover temporary workers. “As we respond to the COVID-19 outbreak, it is important that we continue to look out for their economic welfare,” Biggs said Wednesday night. “More than 36 million Americans have filed for unemployment and, even as states and counties begin to reopen, jobs are scarce.” GOP members of Congress have been urging Trump to block new guest worker visas, saying that Americans out of work due to the coronavirus should fill these positions first. The letter submitted to the president Wednesday said, “We should not force Americans to compete with foreign nationals while jobs are scarce, and Americans should get priority consideration for employment when businesses are able to reopen,” as reported by . Other conservative House members who signed the petition included Reps. Paul Gosar, R-Ariz, Louie Gohmert, R-Texas, and Steve King, R-Iowa. Temporary worker visas, often called guest worker visas, allow international immigrants to live and work the United States for a fixed period of time, according to . Guest workers frequently fill labor positions, particularly in the agriculture industry, but they can also fill positions requiring highly skilled employees. “American workers appreciate the value President Trump has placed on them during his time in office and will appreciate this action,” Biggs told Fox News.
https://www.foxnews.com/politics/texas-mail-in-voting-expansion-appeals-court-hold|2 days ago|Ruling that would expand Texas mail-in voting put on hold by appeals court|. A federal appeals court Wednesday quickly put on a hold a ruling that paved the way for a dramatic expansion of mail-in voting due to fears of the coronavirus. The move by the 5th Circuit Court of Appeals in New Orleans came less than 24 hours after a federal judge in San Antonio ruled that Texas must give all 16 million registered voters in the state the option of voting by mail during the pandemic. A three-judge panel stopped that decision from taking effect for now while the case is reviewed. Republican Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton cheered the decision, saying that allowing everyone to vote by mail "would only lead to greater fraud and disenfrachise lawful voters." U.S. District Judge Fred Biery said in his ruling Tuesday that there was scant evidence to support those claims, and states that already allow all-mail votes have not reported significant fraud. Voting by mail in Texas is generally limited to those 65 or older or those with a "sickness or physical condition" that prevents voting in person. Paxton has asserted that fear of getting the virus doesn't qualify as a disability under the law. The fight in Texas is one of several nationwide over expanding access to mail-in ballots amid the pandemic. Primary runoff elections in Texas are set for July 14.
https://www.foxnews.com/faith-values/minnesota-archdiocese-defies-states-coronavirus-limits-on-religious-gatherings|2 days ago|Minnesota archdiocese defies state's coronavirus limits on religious gatherings|In defiance of limits on gatherings, 's Catholic Church said Wednesday it will not comply with the state mandate. The Archdiocese of Saint Paul and Minneapolis said in a that its decision was based on Gov. Tim Walz's lifting of the state's stay-at-home order. Like in other states, the requirement limits worship services to no more than 10 people to combat the outbreak. "The bishops of Minnesota are united in our conviction that we can safely resume public Masses in accordance with both our religious duties and with accepted public health and safety standards," the letter read. "We can worship in a way that reflects both the love of God and the love of our neighbors," it continued. "Therefore, we are giving our parishes permission for the resumption of the public celebration of Mass on Tuesday, May 26, which will give us time to be ready for the celebration of Pentecost on May 31." The archdiocese said parishes will be required to adhere to sanitation measures and social distancing protocols, and will limit attendance to one-third of a church's seating capacity. "We are blessed to live in a nation that guarantees the free exercise of religion. This right can only be abridged for a compelling governmental interest, and only in a way that is narrowly tailored to be the least restrictive means of achieving the desired end," the archdiocese said. "That is why a large majority of states now allow in-person religious services, including many states that had previously suspended in-person religious services," it added. Minnesota recorded 17,670 COVID-19 cases and nearly 780 deaths, according to the state's Department of Health.
https://www.foxnews.com/auto/americas-roads-deadlier-during-coronavirus|2 days ago|America's roads deadlier during coronavirus pandemic, safety group finds|The National Safety Council has studied driving data since the novel outbreak hit the U.S. in March and found that the streets have become deadlier, despite a decrease in the number of drivers out on the road. The data showed that in March, when Americans began to drive less due to the spread of the pandemic and subsequent stay-at-home orders, the fatality rate per mile rose by 14 percent compared to the year before, The Washington Post . The overall death count did decrease by 8 percent, according to the report from the council. It credited the decline to the shelter-in-place orders issued by state governors. However, data that was reportedly taken from all 50 states and the District of Columbia showed a spike in speeding and dangerous driving. “The risk on our roads has actually increased,” the council's manager of statistics Ken Kolosh said. He told The Washington Post: "Although an 8 percent decrease in deaths from one March to the next March is great news, that decrease should have been even greater if the risk on our roads had stayed the same. We should have seen closer to an 18 percent decrease in deaths.” The death rate per 100 million vehicle miles driven also went up to 1.22 in March, up from 1.07 in March 2019, according to the report. “We really have to keep a very close eye on the trends going forward,” Kolosh added. “Unfortunately, with the anecdotal reports of risky driving, we fear that the fatality rate per hundred million miles traveled is going to continue to be elevated.” As of Wednesday evening, there were more than 1.5 million confirmed cases of COVID-19 in the U.S. and over 93,000 deaths, to Johns Hopkins University.
https://www.foxnews.com/opinion/gutfeld-on-americans-reporting-being-happier-than-before|2 days ago|Gutfeld on Americans reporting being happier than before|As states begin , Americans are reporting being happier than before. According to the Gallup poll, 72 percent reported feeling happiness "during a lot of the day, yesterday" – a 5-point increase from a month prior. Gallup also found a 12-point decrease in "worry." Now, this might be the first time you heard this, though the findings are two days old. If you can't make a misery sandwich out of good news, our merchants say: why bother? Which shows you the difference that's more glaring every day. We are inherently an optimistic country – in contrast to the media. We often believe we are less greedy, less sexist and less racist than the over-class of academics, bureaucrats and press say we are. We bristle at the negativity and question the gaslighting hoaxes, and challenge those who tell us that we can't work – while they can. We prefer to listen to doctors over TV anchors; preferring risk management over fabricated emotion. We know we aren't perfect, and we will face some new ground ahead. But we also believe we are up to the challenge, and willing to weigh the benefits with the risks. We think critically about the future; avoid the finger-pointers glued to the past. Some 35 million people are out of work, but they are not out of spirit. That's because, as the poll shows, Americans are optimistic about what we can handle. We know big things are ahead. We can feel it. But in returning to work, Americans know we can act responsibly and respectfully, and keep each other safe. Remember, America isn't a nationality as much as it is an idea. The people who came here had to be made of tough stuff. And were still making that tough stuff. It’s you.
https://www.foxnews.com/world/cuban-doctors-mexico-coronavirus|2 days ago|Dozens of Cuban doctors helping Mexico fight coronavirus, report says|say some 500 doctors are in Mexico City to help the country fight the coronavirus pandemic that has overwhelmed hospitals in . Mexico City Mayor Claudia Sheinbaum said the Cuban doctors are helping city’s hospitals make up for staffing shortages. The 500 figure, confirmed by a government official, is larger than any of Cuba’s other deployments to nearly two dozen countries to help fight the coronavirus, , citing data from the country’s foreign ministry. Mexico’s health ministry said the Cuban doctors were “supported with lodging, food and some gratuity for expenses. All in agreement with the Cuban government, as has happened in other countries.” Despite daily new infections continuing to set records, Sheinbaum said Mexico City will begin a gradual reopening on June 1. She has called on the city's 9 million residents to continue taking social distancing measures through June 15, but said some sectors of the economy would be allowed to resume operations in June. As of Tuesday night, Mexico City reported more than 15,200 confirmed coronavirus infections and nearly 1,500 deaths. Nationally, there were 2,713 new confirmed infections announced Tuesday in Mexico, making the total more than 54,000 cases, with over 5,500 deaths. Sheinbaum has acknowledged that the real number of deaths in Mexico City is likely much higher, but says an independent panel will have to review suspected cases and make a determination. City death records reported by an anti-corruption watchdog group suggested the death toll could be three times as high in the capital. .
https://www.foxnews.com/health/work-n-gear-coronavirus-scrubs-masks-donations-first-responders|2 days ago|Coronavirus leads Work 'N Gear to donate scrubs, masks to first responders, other essential workers|. A retail business that sells essential apparel and footwear brands for Americans in the industrial and restaurant industries is now taking charge of an effort to help both its customers and employees during the coronavirus pandemic. , a retailer with 40 stores across a number of states, has donated over 8,000 pairs of scrubs from its proprietary brand Scrubology and other brands to nursing homes, testing centers, and health care facilities include Beth Israel Deaconess Hospital in Massachusetts, Tri-State Community Health Center in Maryland, and Mount Sinai in New York. “We had a huge supply closet with brand-new scrub samples from photoshoots and previous seasons' scrubs. We were being as scrappy as possible, pulling from anything we can repurpose to donate,” said Alisha Spada, executive vice president of Work 'N Gear, about making use out of all the scrubs they had in store for frontline doctors and nurses in need of apparel during the pandemic. In partnership with other retail brands, more than a thousand "care packages" have also been donated to a range of individual healthcare professionals, whether they’re in a hospital treating COVID-19 patients or a local ophthalmologist office open for emergencies only. Some items in these care packages include stethoscopes, medical scissors, snacks, Yeti Coffee tumbler, RX Gear compression socks, and Barco lunch bags. Work 'N Gear was so overwhelmed with requests on its website, social media, and customer service department for scrubs and accessories that it had to convert conference rooms at its headquarters in Massachusetts into a storage room for boxes of medical scissors, headbands and other donated products. Employees assemble the care packages for healthcare workers in the safe conference room alongside other co-workers, following state social distancing requirements. To speed up delivery time and keep up with the high demand, the retailer’s distribution facility located near the headquarters also lent a hand to pack and ship donated scrubs and care packages. “Nurses and doctors were coming in buying dozens of scrubs that they can reuse or wash because a lot of hospitals weren't providing scrubs for their employees,” says Alisha Spada, executive vice president of Work 'N Gear. “More and more donation requests kept coming in. It did turn into a much greater thing than we initially expected.” The employees working in store or on deliveries during the pandemic were in also in need of masks for their own protection against the coronavirus, but as the number of cases and death heightened so did the demand for PPE. While Work 'N Gear was waiting to receive a shipment of masks, Kelly Hernandez, a senior regional manager who oversees five of its stores in Massachusetts, went from sewing mittens and scrunchies for fun to learning how to make a CDC-approved face mask, made out of 100 percent cotton. “I'm was in a very lucky situation because I had this gigantic bag of elastic, when there’s a tremendous shortage of elastic,” she tells Fox News, explaining how she made use of what she already had at home from making hair ties. “The employees, they’re in store working through this pandemic doing everything and anything they can. This is my little piece that I can contribute.” At first, Hernandez took an hour to make a single mask. In time, she was able to make as many as six in an hour. When other Work 'N Gear stores heard she was supplying face masks to employees during dire times, other store managers started to ask Kelly if she could make them masks for employees too. Without hesitation, she went to work on her sewing machine to ship out as many masks as she could to Work 'N Gear stores in other states like Pennsylvania and Connecticut. “A total of 3.73 miles of thread has been 100-percent used to make masks,” Kelly said, adding she has no plans to stop. “I’m going to keep going until nobody needs them anymore.” As of today, Hernandez has donated close to 500 face masks for all Work 'N Gear employees who she believes are the “stars.” She is also donating masks to neighbors, co-worker’s families, nursing homes and anyone else in need free of no charge. Today, she’s sewing masks for the reopening of St. John the Evangelist Roman Catholic Church, in Bourne, Mass. She uses either red, white and blue fabrics or stripes and stars patterns to symbolize patriotism for the Work 'N Gear employees delivering packages and working in retail locations. “The stores are working the front lines, serving other essential workers that are working the front lines,” says Spada. Normally around this time of year, there’s an influx of footwear and apparel sales, like waterproof boots or high-visibility vests. The buyers? Blue-collar workers in the industrial industry who depend on the warmer months for work. That sector of the company’s retail business has been “hit to the negative” while the “health care industry is keeping Work 'N Gear afloat,” says Alisha. “Contractors, landscapers, carpenters, plumbers, electricians -- a lot of them aren’t considered essential. Many projects are delayed or construction work is on hold. Some are working but it’s not in masses, their workwear isn’t worn out as much. This isn't business as usual,” said Tony DiPaolo, the company's president and CEO. "I was floored when the whole country shut down. There's no game plan when something like this happens. This is managed by the hour, not managed by the month,” he says, adding that he hopes to reopen the three closed Work 'N Gear stores located in malls that were issued closed due to state protocols during the pandemic.
https://www.foxnews.com/entertainment/death-angel-drummer-satan-coronavirus-coma|2 days ago|Death Angel drummer says he 'met Satan' in coronavirus coma|Is it ever too late to ? , drummer of the thrash metal band Death Angel, said he went to hell and met Satan while in a coma. Carroll, 47, was comatose on a ventilator in critical condition at the California Pacific Medical Center for two weeks in March after coming back from a European tour, . In his nightmares, he dreamed a female devil rebuked him for sloth and transformed him into a “Jabba the Hutt-like-monster” who vomited blood until he had a heart attack. He awoke on March 30, and there were “tubes coming in and out of me, and there was a nurse right there. “My first words were, ‘Am I still in hell?’ “She ignored me.” He said time in hell has set his feet on a street called straight: He’s stopping hard alcohol and bong rips, and will only self-medicate with the occasional hard cider and marijuana edible. He was close to death and now his awakening feels like rebirth. “I’m still going to listen to satanic metal, and I still love Deicide and bands like that,” Carroll told the Chronicle. “As far as for my personal life and my experience of what I went through, I don’t think Satan’s quite as cool as I used to.”
https://www.foxnews.com/media/hawley-slams-dems-trump-china-criticism-diversion|2 days ago|Hawley slams Democrats who claim Trump's criticism of China is 'diversion': 'Come back to planet Earth'|Senate Homeland Security Committee member Josh Hawley, R-Mo., told " " Wednesday that Democrats who attack President Trump's criticisms of over that government's handling of the shoud "come back to planet Earth." "China is the single greatest national security threat to this country in the 21st Century," Hawley told host Martha MacCallum. "More than that, they are the single greatest economic threat." Hawley told "The Story" on Wednesday that Senate Minority Leader Charles Schumer of New York and House Speaker Nancy Pelosi of California are "not living in reality" if they think Trump's tough stance toward Beijing is meant to shift blame from his own actions. On May 5, Schumer asked Trump rhetorically, "even if [coronavirus] came from China, why didn't you do something about it?" Nine days later, Pelosi described the administration's stance toward China as an "interesting diversion." "I would say that if you think China is a diversion from the challenges the United States faces, than you are not living in reality," Hawley responded, later adding: "We've got to change our relationship with China and the time to do it is right now." Hawley explained that since China joined the World Trade Organization in 2001, America's leaders have turned a blind eye to the fact the U.S. has been hemorrhaging jobs to China for decades. "They said [joining the WTO] will liberalize China and it will be good for the United States. Well, guess what, that was 3 million jobs ago -- 3 million jobs lost to China," Hawley said. "I would just ask those folks, open your eyes, come out to Missouri, see what the effects of Chinese cheating in the WTO has been. This isn't about withdrawing [from] the world, this is about rallying the free world to stand up to China." Hawley added that while the U.S. and China will never be able to "fully decouple" their economies, the focus must be on "building new partnerships, new alliances with free nations to say, 'We are going to build a better economic system internationally that will protect our workers, protect our jobs and resist Chinese imperialism.' "It is urgent, the time is now."
https://www.foxnews.com/media/jonathan-swan-cuomo-eye-popping-coronavirus-deaths|2 days ago|Jonathan Swan: Cuomo's popularity 'tough to explain' due to 'eye-popping' NY coronavirus death toll|Axios national political reporter Jonathan Swan said Wednesday that it was "tough to explain" 's high approval rating for his handling of the due to the high death toll in his state. "Cuomo remains remarkably popular among his constituents when the death outcome in his state has been just eye-popping. That's the thing that I find really tough to explain," Swan said on the " " All-Star panel. "He's obviously been very vocal [in] public, you know, with these press conferences. But I mean, I wonder whether that is going to kind of match up against the outcome in New York." brushed off calls earlier Wednesday for the Department of Justice to open an investigation into the number of deaths in New York's nursing homes during the pandemic, claiming he was only following guidelines from the Trump administration and Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. ripped the media's coverage of the state's reopening during an appearance in Orlando alongside Vice President Mike Pence. "You've got a lot of people in your profession who waxed poetically for weeks and weeks about how Florida was going to be just like New York," a visibly agitated DeSantis told reporters. "'Wait two weeks, Florida is going to be next. Just like Italy, wait two weeks.' Well hell, we're eight weeks away from that and it hasn't happened!" Washington Times opinion editor and Fox News contributor Charles Hurt said DeSantis was right to be "fired up" about the coverage of his state. "I feel like the media, more than anybody, more than any politician, has kind of come up with egg on their face, considering the politicized nature with which they have covered this, the way they cover an awful lot of things," Hurt said. "But nothing as stark is as the way they have covered RonDeSantis' decisions down in Florida, which have turned out to be actually pretty smart." As of Tuesday evening, New York had reported more than 354,000 confirmed coronavirus cases and nearly 23,000 deaths. Florida had reported more than 47,000 cases and nearly 2,100 deaths.
https://www.foxnews.com/opinion/david-marcus-end-new-york-citys-lockdown-now|2 days ago|David Marcus: End New York City’s lockdown now!|Sometimes, a good rant is all a writer can offer. Bear with me. Last Friday morning, some 3,500 New Yorkers lined up at a Catholic church in Queens to receive free food hours before it even opened, ­according to the New York Police Department. Catholic Charities has reported a 200 percent increase in demand over the past month and a half. By prolonging the coronavirus shutdown long after its core mission was accomplished, Gov. Cuomo and Mayor de Blasio have plunged tens of thousands of New Yorkers into poverty. It needs to end. Now.
https://video.foxnews.com/v/6158126610001/|__clean_error__|__clean_error__|
https://www.foxnews.com/entertainment/princess-eugenie-warned-prepare-for-the-worst-father-in-law-coronavirus|2 days ago|Princess Eugenie was warned to 'prepare for the worst' during father-in-law's coronavirus fight: report|It was a rough going for 's father-in-law George Brooksbank while he was fighting the novel . According to , Brooksbank, 71, became ill in March after a trip to France and spent nine weeks in the hospital receiving treatment for the virus. During his health scare, the outlet reported that Brooksbank's family -- including Eugenie, 's 30-year-old granddaughter -- was told to "prepare for the worst." Brooksbank's health improved after a tracheotomy, a feat he credits to health care workers at the Chelsea and Westminster Hospital in London and the Royal Brompton Hospital. "The point I really want to get across is that I think the NHS is absolutely magnificent," Brooksbank said, according to The Telegraph. "The way I was treated was incredible. Nothing was too much trouble and at no point did I get a sense of a shortage of doctors or nurses or any impression that the service was in any way overwhelmed." He added: "I certainly owe them my life." Brooksbank said he's now feeling "absolutely fine." "I'm walking around at the moment on one stick and I hope to get free of that next week," the retired chartered accountant explained. "My breathing is back to normal and I count myself extremely lucky. My thoughts now are with those still battling this disease and the NHS staff risking their own lives to help them." Brooksbank's wife Nicola also contracted the virus, the outlet reported, but did not receive hospital treatment. "Without doubt, they saved him, and we could not be more grateful,” Nicola said. "We were not able to see him throughout his treatment and more than once we were told to expect the worst." Brooksbank's son Jack and Eugenie, the daughter of , married in 2018.
https://www.foxnews.com/entertainment/nick-cordero-condition-going-a-little-downhill-amanda-kloots|2 days ago|Nick Cordero's condition 'going a little downhill,' wife Amanda Kloots says|After , Broadway star has apparently "gone a little downhill at the moment," according to his wife. As she has many times throughout his health battle, the 41-year-old actor's wife Amanda Kloots offered an update on Instagram on Wednesday. The video began with Kloots listening to the song " " by Fun. while in her car. After a few moments of music, she spoke to her audience. "I came in the car to blast that song because I just needed some stereo sound strength," she said. "Nick has had a bad morning. Unfortunately, things are going a little downhill at the moment." Kloots asked her fans for "mega prayers" as Cordero continues to fight the novel . "I know that this virus is not going to get him down," she said tearfully. "It's not how his story ends. So just keep us in your thoughts and prayers today." Kloots offered no other details on what exactly Cordero's "bad morning" entailed, but just a day earlier she explained that an infection was still present in Cordero's left lung. Cordero fell ill in March and was hospitalized on March 30. Since then, the actor has spent more than 50 days in the hospital and has including mini-strokes, a leg amputation, holes in his lungs and more.
https://www.foxnews.com/politics/former-trump-attorney-michael-cohen-to-be-released-from-prison-to-home-confinement-amid-coronavirus-source-says|2 days ago|Former Trump lawyer Michael Cohen to be released from prison to home confinement amid coronavirus, source says|, the former attorney for who was imprisoned last year after pleading guilty to several charges, is expected to be released to home confinement Thursday amid concerns over the , a source familiar with the situation told Fox News on Wednesday evening. Cohen, 53, has been serving his three-year sentence at the Federal Correctional Institution, Otisville, N.Y., a federal prison in the countryside 70 miles northwest of , after he pleaded guilty to campaign finance fraud and lying to about Trump's past dealings in , among other charges. He started serving his sentence in May 2019 and was scheduled to be released in November 2021. His planned release came as advocates have been pressing the federal government and state governments to over fears of a COVID-19 outbreak in correctional facilities, where social distancing is nearly impossible to maintain in such close quarters. This past April, Cohen was placed in solitary confinement following a verbal altercation with another inmate after the inmate complained about his Internet use. A federal judge in March denied his request for early release in lieu of home confinement. In his ruling, Judge William H. Pauley III wrote the attempt was another “effort to inject himself into the news cycle.” The judge added, “Cohen has not even attempted to argue that he is uniquely at risk as compared to other inmates. Nor could he: He is 53 years old and in good health.” The Bureau of Prisons [BOP] has placed Cohen on furlough as it continued to process a move to home confinement, the person familiar with the matter said. The agency had the authority to release federal inmates on furlough for up to 30 days. Many inmates have been seeking home confinement as the number of COVID-19 cases continued to increase in the federal prison system. BOP officials said last week that more than 2,400 inmates had been moved into home confinement since ordered the agency to increase the practice. Other high-profile inmates have also been released as the number of coronavirus cases soars in the federal prison system. Former Trump campaign chairman was released on home confinement last week. , the attorney who rose to fame representing porn star Stormy Daniels in lawsuits against Trump, was freed temporarily from a federal jail in New York and is said to have been staying at a friend’s house in .
https://www.foxnews.com/entertainment/california-film-tv-production-guidelines-to-be-announced-next-week|2 days ago|California film, TV production guidelines to be announced next week|California Gov. said the state will issue guidelines next Monday that would allow film and TV production to start up in some counties in the state, perhaps even as soon as next week. Newsom hosted a virtual roundtable on Wednesday with industry leaders, including Netflix chief content officer Ted Sarandos and director Ava DuVernay. Sarandos reported that production is already underway in South Korea, Sweden and Iceland, and that protocols in those areas can be transferred to other places once production resumes. “The choices that we have to make today are not staying home or not, it really is how do we get back to work safely,” Sarandos said. “It can definitely be figured out. We have the smartest people in the world working on it.” Production is not expected to be allowed to resume until the state reaches “Stage 3” of its reopening plan. However, the state is allowing some counties where the virus is more controlled to start up sooner than others. Newsom said that Los Angeles County continues to represent a disproportionate share of the state’s cases, however. “It remains a challenging part of the state for us still,” he said. “We are concerned they will be a few weeks behind everybody else.” Newsom asked Sarandos how California is faring compared to other states, particularly Georgia. Sarandos said that while no one in the U.S. is filming yet, there has been “a lot more talk about moving faster” in other states. Danny Stephens, representing IATSE Local 80, noted that the new protocols will come at a cost, and said he worries that if restrictions are too aggressive, productions might move elsewhere. “The last thing we want to do is price ourselves out of business,” he said, and made a pitch for further state tax incentives for production. Newsom seemed at least open to the idea, while he did not make any commitments. “I appreciate the need for this state to be more competitive in this space,” Newsom said. “We cannot rest on our laurels.” DuVernay said she appreciated that California has been strict about imposing measures to control the virus, in contrast with other states that have opened sooner. She also said it was important to keep the victims of the virus in mind. “There are too many lives lost, and too much we have to learn so those deaths aren’t in vain,” DuVernay said.
https://video.foxnews.com/v/6158115987001/|__clean_error__|__clean_error__|
https://www.foxnews.com/faith-values/mississippi-church-fire-investigated-arson|2 days ago|Devastating Mississippi church fire investigated as arson|The First Pentecostal Church of Holly Springs in burned down early Wednesday morning. The congregation had been in a legal battle to continue holding services despite the novel outbreak and subsequent lockdown orders. The building went up in flames between 2-4 a.m. Investigators said the church was spray-painted with graffiti before an explosion blew out the front of the building, to Fox 13. Maj. Kelly McMillian of the Marshall Count Sheriff’s Department confirmed the fire to be a criminal act of arson. Thomas More Society senior counsel and lawyer for the church, Stephen Crampton, spoke with Fox News about the fire and said the perpetrators spray-painted a message that read, "I Bet you stay home now you hypokrits." "We're in a time where I don't think it's any secret that there's a growing hostility toward churches, across the board," Crampton said. "And now, here are churches like First Pentecostal that are sort of stirring up the waters by being outspoken and somewhat firm about seeking to protect their Constitutional rights." He added, "They've had bad comments [sent their way] on social media. ... There is just a segment that takes issue with the church standing up, and the church just being the church." Crampton represented First Pentecostal in court after its pastor Jerry Waldrop was cited for holding Easter Sunday services. The Thomas More Society also claimed police disrupted a Bible study group held 10 days after the citation. Last month, U.S. District Judge Michael P. Mills an order allowing First Pentecostal to stay open for drive-thru services. “These were outrageous violations of these parishioners’ rights,” Crampton said at the time of the ruling. “On both occasions, Holly Springs law enforcement personnel ignored the fact that all church members present were practicing social distancing and complying with all applicable health requirements. Bible study attendees were threatened with criminal citations for violation of Holly Springs’ Stay Home Order.” He added: “Due to the threats and the citation of Pastor Waldrop, the church members were fearful of holding services on Sunday and exercising their constitutionally protected rights.” In the drive-thru ruling from Mills, the court said it “acknowledges that the guarantee of the Free Exercise of religion is one of the most important ones set forth in the Bill of Rights, and, without question, it grants the Church, in this case, the right to assert certain rights which, say, a barbershop would have no right to assert.” Crampton said the church has mostly been battling local leaders on the issue and not the governor's office, specifically citing Mayor Kelvin Buck and the city council as the main opposition. He also said the case to hold full church services is still pending and that he and his client were awaiting a ruling from the 5th Circuit Court of Appeals when the fire happened. "The church has long been wanting to resume in-person meetings," he explained. "But the city continues to impose what we believe is not only an unconstitutional but illegal order under our state law, which says local municipalities and government entities cannot impose restrictions that are more severe than what the governor has imposed. And the governor has, from the getgo, declared churches as essential business and operations. "The local order is set to expire June 3 and it looks like we couldn't even get a hearing before then if we stayed in the lower court," Crampton continued. "So we filed an emergency appeal and request for an injunction pending appeal. ... We expect a ruling from the 5th Circuit, hopefully by Friday." The ruling may come too late, however, as the church has been completely destroyed by the fire and is currently unusable for services. Fox News reached out to Mayor Buck's office about the incident but did not receive a reply to the request for comment.
https://www.foxnews.com/media/ny-times-report-tesla-owners-elon-musks-red-pill|2 days ago|NY Times report about Tesla owners disturbed by Elon Musk's embrace of 'red pill' sparks mockery on Twitter|The New York Times inspired some mockery Tuesday over its report about Tesla owners who were unsettled by CEO Elon Musk's embrace of the "red pill." Musk has sparked headlines in recent weeks over his threat to take his California-based car factory elsewhere due to the state's ongoing coronavirus shutdown orders. However, a tweet he made over the weekend sparked excitement for some conservatives. "Take the red pill," Musk wrote Sunday. The "red pill" is a reference to the 1999 sci-fi blockbuster "The Matrix," which in later years has become symbolic of having a conservative awakening or, as The Times described it, "waking up to society’s grand lies." Musk defended the tweet to The Times, sharing Urban Dictionary's definition: “‘'Red pill’ has become a popular phrase among cyberculture and signifies a free-thinking attitude, and a waking up from a ‘normal’ life of sloth and ignorance. Red pills prefer the truth, no matter how gritty and painful it may be.'” According to the piece from Times tech reporter Nellie Bowles, a group of left-leaning owners of the luxury electric car was not happy with Musk's recent political shift. “Honestly, Musk is becoming a liability and the Tesla board needs to seriously consider ousting him,” author Markos Moulitsas told The Times. “And I say that as a proud owner of a Tesla and a SpaceX fanatic who truly appreciates what he’s built.” “I am a Tesla owner and love the company. You have to stop being an idiot about this," Raja Sohail Abbas wrote about Musk's various comments about the coronavirus outbreak. Brooklyn disc jockey Alex Goodchild said: "Tesla owner and Fan here, but this was a disappointing tweet despite the frustrations of and holdups. Words are weapons especially when used during situations like the one we’re currently experiencing. You sound just like Trump in this tweet.” According to The Times, Musk's tweet stirred up the Tesla fan community online. “The last two months, there’s been this polarization in the Elon Musk fan club,” tech consultant Paula Timothy-Mellon said about the 22,000-member fan club on LinkedIn that he moderates. “There are those who are believers in these California guidelines and there are those in favor of his push to reopen Tesla.” “If you own a Tesla, you feel you are directly connected to Elon Musk and people think that Tesla owners are directly connected to the politics of the CEO,” Tesla owner Sam Kelly explained. However, The Times report about the conflicted Tesla owners made for good humor on social media. "This is one of the funniest articles I've read in a long time," Washington Free Beacon senior writer David Rutz said. "Thoughts and prayers to America's Tesla owners during this difficult time," The Drive Media editorial director Patrick George tweeted. "This reads as if the writer overdosed on blue pills," Politico reporter Marc Caputo said. "Is institutionalized stupidity a thing? If so, the NYT has it," radio host Jason Rantz tweeted. "This is an all time NYT tweet," Washington Examiner executive editor Seth Mendel said. Others invoked the controversial histories of other major car companies such as Ford and Volkswagen. "Just wait until America's drivers learn about Henry Ford!" RealClearInvestigatons senior writer Mark Hemingway tweeted. Conservative writer Noah Pollack added, "and what Porsche, Volkswagen, BMW, and Mercedes were up to during WW2." "Boy do I have some news for you about the late Henry Ford," political strategist Joe Perticone similarly said.
https://www.foxnews.com/us/new-orleans-jeweler-american-flag-face-mask-charm-homeless-veterans|2 days ago|New Orleans jeweler designs American flag face-mask charm to raise money for homeless veterans|A jeweler has designed an American flag face-mask charm to raise money for homeless ahead of Memorial Day, in a patriotic tribute to servicemen and women and front-line health care workers. “My family and I wanted to do something special for our veterans this year, so we came together and collaborated on a charm that would give back to them,” wrote in a Facebook post that included the charm’s design. The jewelry shop specializes in custom silver and pearl pieces, and recent items have included a stethoscope charm and a “quarantine kit” consisting of a bracelet and charms depicting a surgical mask, a roll of toilet paper and a small house. Other designs include cufflinks, belt buckles, necklaces, rings and more traditional symbols such as crosses and depictions of local wildlife. The shop said its new patriotic charm will be available Friday, and pledged 50 percent of its Memorial Day weekend sales to go to the nonprofit Soldier’s Angels to be used toward food assistance for “low-income, at-risk and homeless veterans.” Balli did not immediately respond to a request for comment. As the COVID-19 outbreak continues and unemployment numbers skyrocket, issues that the country is already struggling with have persisted or gotten worse -- including homelessness among veterans and food stability. According to the Louisiana Department of Health, the state had seen more than 35,000 confirmed coronavirus cases as of Wednesday. At least 2,485 people died from the illness there, and more than 26,000 are believed to have recovered. The U.S. has seen more than 1.5 million confirmed cases and more than 92,000 deaths. Soldier’s Angels -- a charity for veterans, service members and their families -- is headquartered in San Antonio, Texas. It has received high marks from the nonprofit review sites GuideStar and Charity Navigator.
https://www.foxnews.com/politics/kamala-harris-introduces-senate-resolution-saying-phrase-wuhan-virus-is-anti-asian|2 days ago|Kamala Harris introduces Senate resolution saying phrase ‘Wuhan virus’ is ‘anti-Asian’|Sen. , D-Calif., introduced a resolution condemning “anti-Asian sentiment as related to COVID-19,” including use of the phrase “Wuhan Virus.” The former presidential candidate introduced the bill on behalf of a number of Democrats to condemn “all manifestations or expressions of racism, xenophobia, discrimination, anti-Asian sentiment, scapegoating, and ethnic or religious intolerance” and “to expeditiously investigate and document all credible reports of hate crimes, incidents, and threats against the Asian American and Pacific Islander community in the United States.” The resolution claims a study found over 400 cases of anti-Asian discrimination related to COVID-19 between February 7 and March 9. The resolution takes particular aim at phrases such as “Wuhan virus,” “Chinese virus” and “Kung Flu” for perpetrating “anti-Asian stigma.” It calls on the U.S. to “recommit” to building an inclusive society by “prioritizing language access and inclusivity in communication practices.” Trump began calling COVID-19 “Chinese Virus” soon after rumors began circulating among Chinese officials that coronavirus found its origin in the U.S. Army, and he rejected objections from the media that the term might be “racist.” However, he said in late March that if China continued to protest the name he’d stop using it. “If you look at Ebola, right, if you look at Lyme in Connecticut, you look at all these different horrible diseases, they seem to come with a name with a location,” he said. “I don’t have to say it if they feel so strongly about it, we’ll see.” Harris, along with Sens. Tammy Duckworth, D-Ill., and Mazie Hirono, D-Hawaii, last month announced their intention to bring forward the resolution. Duckworth accused Trump of “inappropriate and racist efforts” to “rebrand” the disease. “Inflammatory and racist rhetoric from officials at the highest level of our government has contributed to a disturbing rise in hate-crimes targeting Asian Americans,” said Hirono. Meanwhile, Republicans have sought to hold China accountable for withholding information in the early days of coronavirus. On Tuesday, Sen. Josh Hawley, R-Mo., introduced a bill that would allow Americans to sue the Chinese government over its coronavirus handing. "They suppressed the evidence. They suppressed the doctors. They jailed the doctors even. And now we're dealing with this terrible disease," the senator said. "So the victims of this disease in our country ought to be able to go to our courts and sue the Chinese government to hold them accountable and to get damages for it."
https://www.foxnews.com/us/army-retention-coronavirus-recruiting|2 days ago|Army exceeds retention goal as coronavirus hurts recruiting|. Sgt. Antonio Gozikowski was planning to leave next month and head to college. After serving for six years, the dental assistant's goal was to become a dentist, and then return to the Army in a few years with his expanded medical skills. But now, with the coronavirus forcing universities to consider virtual or reduced schooling this fall, he decided to take advantage of a new Army program and extend his military service for six more months. Across the military, uncertainty about future jobs or college opportunities is driving more service members to re-enlist or at least postpone their scheduled departures. As unemployment, layoffs and a historic economic downturn grip the nation, the military -- with its job security, steady paycheck and benefits -- is looking much more appealing. "Everything from elementary schools to universities is closing down and there's no saying how it's going to go when the fall semester opens," said Gozikowski, adding that he's hoping schools start opening up for spring semester. "This is like a safety net. I have a source of income and I'll be able to continue working." Gozikowski, who is from Cherry Hill, New Jersey, and is serving at Fort Hood, Texas, is one of hundreds of service members who are taking advantage of newly developed, short-term extensions being offered by the military. As of last week, the Army had already exceeded its retention goal of 50,000 soldiers for the fiscal year ending in September, re-enlisting more than 52,000 so far. And the other services have also met or are closer than planned to their target numbers. The influx of people re-enlisting will offset any shortfalls in recruiting, which has been hampered by the outbreak. And that will help the services meet their total required troop levels for the end of the year. "We're hiring," said Army Secretary Ryan McCarthy. "Like anything, market dynamics come into effect and people will see where the opportunities lie." Sgt. Maj. Stuart Morgan, the senior Army career counselor, said Gozikowski was able to take advantage of a new program designed to help soldiers who were planning to leave this year but are now worried and reconsidering their options. The program allows them to delay their departure for up to 11 months to get them past the peak coronavirus period. By early last week, he said, 745 soldiers had signed up. "What we're seeing this year, which is directly related to COVID, is we do have a population of soldiers that what they were expecting at the end of transition has suddenly disappeared," Morgan said. "And now you have a soldier that is trying to go through a transition period that is now facing uncertainty on the outside." The Air Force is on track to meet its recruiting goal, but expects to fall short of its effort to get recruits through the training pipeline by as much as 5,800 as a result of the virus. That gap, the Air Force said, could be filled by service members who decide to re-enlist or extend their service. So far, the number of Air Force personnel who have withdrawn their requests to leave the service or have asked to extend their enlistment is 700 more than last year at this time, including 230 pilots and medical staff. For one pilot, the opportunity to make that sudden change of course was a relief. In discussing his plans, he asked that his name not be used to preserve any future employment options. Nearly two months ago, he was in Miami taking an airline certification course and getting ready for his next career. For months, he and his fellow pilots at Scott Air Force Base in Illinois had been talking about which airlines were hiring. "Everybody was getting out," the 10-year transport aircraft pilot said in an interview from the air base. "The conversations were like, oh, who got picked up by Southwest, who got picked up by American, who got picked up by Delta. And then the whole coronavirus thing started to play its course." Suddenly, he said, "the discussions are more like, what are we gonna do now?" The pilot said he was worried about the uncertainty. Even if he got a job, it might only be temporary, if the economic downturn continued. "I need stability in my life. There's no steady income on the outside, or guaranteed income either," said the pilot, adding that in the military, he's guaranteed a job. "While other people are getting laid off and not working, we're still collecting a paycheck and going to work." Retention is also on the rise in the Marine Corps. Currently there are about 183,000 Marines, and the goal for the end of the fiscal year is about 184,600. The Corps has nearly reached its retention goal of about 12,600 for the fiscal year, with only about 100 or so to get by the end of September. The Navy was not able to provide retention numbers. In addition, Marines who were planning to leave the service are being allowed to extend their enlistments by a few months, to get past the initial COVID crisis, or by a year or two. Maj. Craig Thomas, a Marine Corps spokesman, said virus-related restrictions on recruiting and shipping new Marines to initial training will likely mean the service won't meet its goal for total force size this year. He added, however, that while it is too early to tell if the bad economy will further boost retention, the enlistment extensions could make up for the recruiting shortfalls.
https://www.foxnews.com/world/canada-woman-positive-coronavirus-8-times-covid-19|2 days ago|Canadian woman says she's tested positive for coronavirus 8 times: 'COVID-19 has taken a lot out of me'|. A woman who contracted the coronavirus in March has tested positive for the illness for an eighth time. Tracy Schofield from Cambridge, Ontario, came down with COVID-19 symptoms including fever, chills and shortness of breath March 30 and tested positive for the first time March 31, . Since then, she has taken eight more tests, including one that inexplicably came back negative. She is currently preparing for her 10th test. For two weeks following her first test, Schofield self-quarantined in her room at home where her 17-year-old son also lives. During that period, she claims her fever reached 104.1 degrees Fahrenheit, and she also lost her sense of taste and smell. Now, more than 50 days later, she told CTV she still suffers shortness of breath. “COVID-19 has taken a lot out of me, and it continues every day,” she said. After producing a positive result seven times, her eighth test came back negative. “I cried because I was so happy,” Schofield said. But according to World Health Organization guidelines, a patient must test negative twice consecutively before they can be declared “recovered.” Unfortunately, a ninth test found that the virus was still strong in her system. Health officials have warned that these tests have been and positives. Early anecdotal reports suggested that some test kits correctly detected COVID-19 only , meaning about a third of patients would receive a false negative.
https://www.foxnews.com/media/ted-cruz-nbc-subsidiary-chinese-govt-china-doing-diplomacy-better-than-us|2 days ago|Ted Cruz suggests NBC's a 'subsidiary' of Chinese gov't after reporter says China is doing 'diplomacy better' than US|Sen. , R-Texas., blasted NBC on Tuesday after one of the network's correspondents praised China's "diplomacy" amid the coronavirus pandemic. During a segment on MSNBC, the network's senior international correspondent Keir Simmons suggested that China was doing "diplomacy better" than the US. "Who else is running into that leadership vacuum?" MSNBC anchor asked in an apparent dig at the Trump administration. Simmons pointed to the leaders of Germany, France, and other nations who have come together in hopes of combatting the virus outbreak globally at an event this week and how President Trump "could have made an address" and reiterated his criticisms of the World Health Organization but "didn't." "And again, another example, we've talked about this yesterday, Nicolle, about how China really seeming to do the diplomacy better than America at this stage," Simmons said. "where President Xi steps up and gives an address we didn't know he was gonna do that until hours before and kind of steels the limelight." The NBC correspondent also dinged the White House for not proposing any sort of alternative for other countries to replace the World Health Organization with. "You can't just pull out of the World Health Organization in the middle of a pandemic because President Trump wants you to when there is no proposal for what to do instead," Simmons told Wallace. Cruz ripped NBC in response on Twitter. "Is NBC in fact a wholly-owned subsidiary of the CCP?" the GOP senator asked. In March, NBC News chief foreign correspondent Richard Engel faced backlash for dismissing the term "China virus" as some labeled the disease from its geographic origins. "It's easy to scapegoat people and that is what has always happened when there have been pandemics or epidemics, that foreigners are attacked or sometimes physically attacked if you look at what happened during the Middle Ages," Engel said. "There was lots and lots of scapegoating against an ethnic group or a religious group whenever there were pandemics that affected the society and frightened a lot of people. And China certainly feels that's what's happening now with people calling it the 'Wuhan flu' or the 'Wuhan virus' or the 'China virus.'" He continued: "This is a virus that came from the territory of China but came from bats. This is a bat virus, not a China virus. It doesn't speak Chinese. It doesn't target Chinese people. It targets human beings who happen to touch their eyes, nose or mouth."
https://www.foxnews.com/media/tom-frieden-coronavirus-very-infections-arkansas-church|2 days ago|Ex-CDC director Tom Frieden: Coronavirus outbreak at Arkansas church shows 'what you do affects others'|Former Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) director Tom Frieden joined " " Wednesday to discuss a CDC report that detailed the spread of among members of a church in rural Arkansas. "We stayed home so the virus quieted down and stopped spreading widely where it was spreading widely, but it's still out there," Frieden told host Neil Cavuto. "So anytime you have a lot of people together in an indoor space and one of them is infectious, you can have a lot of cases." "This is a very infectious virus," Frieden added, "but it isn't the end of the world." showed that two symptomatic people who later tested positive for COVID-19 attended church events in early March. At least 35 of 92 attendees at the events contracted the virus and three of them died. Twenty-six other people in the community with links to the church have also contracted the virus, with one person dying. Frieden also voiced his frustration with the ongoing controversy about when to reopen for business. "We were never completely closed," he said. "And unfortunately, until we have a vaccine, we're never going to be completely open. It's a level of gradations. That's why we [Resolve to Save Lives] from red, orange to yellow to green. "We're recommending that communities and states consider this," Frieden said. "So you can advise people and they can decide for themselves what they're going to do." Frieden warned that the Arkansas case shows that people's decisions impact others. "But keep in mind, what you do also affects others because it is highly infectious," Frieden said. "And we think a level like this can empower people, can hold governments accountable and help us all make progress so that we can restart without rekindling the epidemic."
https://www.foxnews.com/politics/trump-will-finish-hydroxychloroquine-regimen|2 days ago|Trump says he will finish hydroxychloroquine regimen in 'about 2 days'|on Wednesday afternoon said he will finish his treatment of hydroxychloroquine in “about two days” -- just days after he announced that he was taking the antimalarial drug as a preventative against the . If Trump finishes his treatment of hydroxychloroquine on Friday, it would mark 14 days from the time that Vice President Mike Pence’s Press Secretary Katie Miller tested positive for COVID-19. Trump first announced on Monday that he was taking the antimalarial drug, adding that he consulted with the White House physician before starting the treatment. Dr. Sean Conley, the president's physician, said in a statement Monday night: "After numerous discussions he and I had about regarding the evidence for and against the use of hydroxychloroquine, we concluded the potential benefit from treatment outweighed the relative risks." Hydroxychloroquine is a widely used antimalarial drug that the president has touted as a possible treatment for COVID-19. But its effectiveness for treating coronavirus has been a subject of debate: A recent analysis of the use of the drug to treat COVID-19 patients in U.S. veterans’ hospitals found no benefit to using the drug and that there were more deaths among those given hydroxychloroquine versus standard care. The nationwide study, which was released last month, was not a rigorous experiment. And Trump has continued to defend the use of hydroxychloroquine to treat the novel coronavirus and slammed the demoted government scientist who filed a whistleblower complaint claiming he was removed from his post for disagreeing with the Trump administration’s push to use the drug. Two large observational studies, each involving around 1,400 patients in New York, however, also recently found no benefit from the drug. Two new studies published Thursday in the medical journal BMJ reached the same conclusion. The antimalaria drug hydroxychloroquine can cause heart rhythm problems and other side effects. The Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has said hydroxychloroquine should only be used to treat coronavirus in formal studies. After Trump on Monday made his comments that he was taking hydroxychloroquine, many doctors urged Americans that their best sources for medical information are medical experts, not the president. "You have to have a discussion with your doctor to decide if it is best for you," Dr. Janette Nesheiwat, a Fox News medical contributor, warned. "It is not going to be good for everyone but it may be beneficial and potentially life-saving for others." Dr. William Schaffner, an infectious diseases specialist at the Vanderbilt Medical Center, went a step further. "I certainly would not recommend that people in the U.S. ask their physicians to prescribe hydroxychloroquine for the prevention of COVID," Schaffner told The Wall Street Journal. "Its use is entirely speculative." Trump has in the past argued that individuals will have to make up their own minds about taking the drug, but he claimed "it doesn't hurt people." "It's been out in the market for 60 years or 65 years for malaria, lupus and other things. I think it gives you an additional level of safety," Trump has said. There is currently no scientific evidence to back that claim.
https://www.foxnews.com/travel/disney-world-survey-willingness-to-return|2 days ago|Disney World survey asks guests about their willingness to return amid coronavirus pandemic|It’s always a good idea to see what the fans want. While fans anxiously await news for when Disney World will , the theme park is apparently working on how it’s going to make that happen. The company has reportedly sent a survey out to likely guests and pass holders in an effort to make sure the park’s reopening goes smoothly. The survey asks, “What, if anything, would make you more likely to keep your Walt Disney World reservation for June,” reported. The potential park guests are also reportedly asked to assume that stay-at-home restrictions have been lifted and safety measures have been implemented when answering the question. The potential answers about what would make guests more likely to visit in June include a significant decrease in coronavirus infections in Florida, if a proven treatment becomes available and the relaxation of social distancing rules across the state. While the park’s reopening is still shrouded in uncertainty, some details have started to emerge. When Walt Disney-branded theme parks in the U.S. are open to the public once again, guests and employees will likely be required to wear face masks as the coronavirus crisis continues, according to the chief executive. Disney CEO Bob Chapek in an interview that facial protection will probably be mandatory for parkgoers and cast members once Disney World in Orlando, Fla., and Disneyland in Anaheim, Calif., reopen for business. “Along with social distancing, one of the things we’re likely going to require is masks for both the cast and the guest,” Chapek told when asked what the most difficult aspects of ultimately reopening the American parks might be.
https://www.foxnews.com/politics/chicago-fines-churches-violation-statewide-lockdown-order|2 days ago|Chicago fines churches for holding services in violation of statewide lockdown order|has begun fining churches for holding services that do not comply with the Democratic Gov. statewide stay-at-home order, with the Chicago Police Department telling Fox News that three will be hit with penalties for services held on Sunday, May 17. Because religious services are considered nonessential under Illinois' current order, they are limited to fewer than 10 people. Philadelphia Romanian Church of God limited its congregation to 75 people on Sunday -- less than 10 percent of its capacity -- and was among the houses of worship fined by Chicago for its weekend services. Philadelphia Romanian had congregants meet 13 requirements to attend -- including having no coronavirus symptoms and being younger than 65 years old -- and will have to pay a $500 citation, according to the Chicago Police. Elim Romanian Pentecostal Church and Metro Praise International were also fined for their Sunday services. Pritzker, who has been one of the most aggressive governors in ordering shutdowns to stem the spread of the coronavirus, previously defended his orders keeping people away from where they normally practice their religions. "I know how hard it is to break from traditional celebrations of togetherness. But I believe passionately that adapting our expressions of faith in these times is one of the most faithful acts of all," Pritzker said in a tweet in mid-April. He added: "The virus doesn't take a day off, and it's important for all of you to have the facts, so I'll continue to deliver them." Pritzker earlier this month gave a dire warning on the spread of the virus during the briefing on his state's reopening plan, according to the . "I know that we all have a passionate desire to return to the sense of normalcy that we felt before the world knew of COVID-19. Here’s the truth. And I don’t like it any more than you do," he said. "Until we have a vaccine, or an effective treatment, or enough widespread immunity that new cases fail to materialize, the option of returning to normalcy doesn’t exist." A number of other churches in Illinois have filed lawsuits arguing that the limits Pritzker places on houses or worship are unconstitutional. Elim Romanian Pentecostal Church and Logos Baptist Ministries, both represented by Liberty Counsel, filed a federal lawsuit arguing that limiting churches' attendance is unconstitutional, and pointing out that liquor stores, marijuana dispensaries and supercenters are allowed to accommodate large crowds. “Governor Pritzker clearly does not seem to know that churches have the First Amendment right to exist, but businesses do not," Mat Staver, founder and chairman, said in a statement to Fox News.
https://www.foxnews.com/media/johnson-johnson-coronavirus-vaccines-early-next-year|2 days ago|Johnson & Johnson chief scientist predicts 'significant numbers' of COVID-19 vaccines 'early next year'|Johnson & Johnson Chief Scientific Officer Dr. Paul Stoffels told " " Wednesday that he is seeing promising signs that a will be developed in the near future. "To me, it is not about the competition," Stoffels told host Bill Hemmer. "The world probably needs between five and seven billion vaccines, so it’s best that several companies get there. "But positive information is good [for] hope that we can get there sooner or later. And it might be with a few months' difference, but I think that early next year we will have significant numbers of vaccines which could help the world to start to get rid of COVID-19." Stoffels then discussed the process of testing a vaccine candidate, in which a piece of DNA or RNA is injected into a human in the hope that it causes the body to produce antigens, starting a process that scientists hope will inhibit the virus. "Then [it] gets to the antibodies, and then to immunogenicity and protection," he said. "So if there is a positive study showing that these antigens are being generated and neutralizing antibodies, then it is positive for all of the vaccines," continued Stoffels, who added that he is seeing some promise in recent tests on animals. "Today, we published two science papers validating, first, the animal model we've been using, and second, the first DNA prototype constructs which have been used to elicit immunogenicity," he said. "We also can confirm the animal models confirm data that we can protect animals from COVID, or at least mitigate the disease in animal models."
https://www.foxnews.com/world/how-isis-is-exploiting-the-coronavirus-pandemic|2 days ago|How ISIS is exploiting the coronavirus pandemic|Given that much of the world has been beleaguered by the coronavirus pandemic -- and the subsequent lockdowns, bending of health care systems, economic downturns and political divide -- concerns have risen that the Islamic State group, or ISIS, has and will continue to exploit the distraction to sustain its global reign of terror. "ISIS views the global pandemic as an opportunity to weaken its enemies further. Governments are trying to maintain their focus on international security issues at the same time they are addressing a global health crisis that is also sparking an economic crisis," Counter Extremism Project (CEP) Senior Researcher Josh Lipowsky told Fox News. "ISIS recognizes that and sees opportunities to take advantage of increased fears among civilian populations, as well as governments that are refocusing and stretching their resources." In March, just as stay-at-home orders were taking hold across the United States, ISIS -- via its weekly publication al-Naba -- called on its operatives to strike against the West. "ISIS sees the entirety of the West as an enemy of Islam guilty of destroying its physical caliphate. ISIS has incorporated the COVID-19 pandemic into its propaganda, praising it as divine punishment for the West," Lipowsky explained. "At first, ISIS called on its followers to avoid areas affected by the coronavirus, but now ISIS has realized it can capitalize on the fear caused by the pandemic." Last month, German authorities foiled an alleged ISIS plot -- purportedly hatched by fighters from Tajikistan -- to attack U.S. military facilities. Also in April, France's counterterrorism authorities opened an investigation after a Sudanese man went on a broad-daylight knife spree in Romans-sur-Isère, according to , in which two people were killed. The suspect, who stole a knife from a local butcher shop, is believed to have been linked to an outside extremist outfit. Moreover, police across Europe are reported to be probing whether ISIS cells are being quietly reignited as lockdown measures drag on. In April, the U.K.'s most sought-after ISIS fugitive Abdel-Majed Abdel Bary was apprehended in Spain, and a Moroccan national was earlier this month under suspicion he was planning an attack. However, the place that has seen the most significant uptick in activity amid the public health calamity is Iraq, military analysts caution. While territorially defeated in the country it once controlled more than a third of almost three years ago, the extremist outfit has maintained s simmering presence across the distracted and politically fraught nation. "The Islamic State has indeed tried to make the most of the coronavirus pandemic, unleashing a wave of attacks across Iraq that also collide with the holy month of Ramadan, which jihadis have made much of in recent years as the month of conquest," Raphael Gluck, founder of the terrorist monitoring site Jihadoscope, pointed out. "Since the loss of its caliphate, ISIS has really been fighting a guerilla warfare-style campaign, going back to the way it used to be before those huge land grabs of 2014. ISIS is encouraging fighters to rally onward in the shadow of the plague." It has significantly accelerated attacks in remote northern Iraqi villages, taking advantage of the perfect storm of a pandemic, tensions between Iran and the U.S., long-running protests against Tehran's meddling, and the sharp drop in oil prices. Over the past week alone, ISIS militants have set fire again to Qarachogh heights near Mosul, wounded several Iran-backed Popular Mobilization Forces (PMF) soldiers at their checkpoints in northern Diyala province, and launched a series of deadly attacks as the holy month of Ramadan draws down -- including in the historic Babylon province south of Baghdad. Iraqi military officials also told Fox News that they had steep concerns over the reactivation of sleeper cells napping in Salahuddin, Makhmour, Diyala and the ancestral Christian homeland of the Nineveh Plains. "There has been an increase daily, a lot of hit-and-run attacks and the killing of police and army officers," one Iraqi defense specialist, who requested anonymity for security reasons, said. "They are active on many fronts." The threat of coronavirus has also compelled the U.S-led military coalition, known as Operation Inherent Resolve, to halt some components of its campaign in Iraq and Syria, while Iraq's forces have also had to enforce curfews and make operational changes. Several European countries have also pulled out their troops from coalition and NATO training missions in a bid to stop the spread of the novel pathogen. In neighboring Syria, local forces battling to keep ISIS cells at bay say their struggle has risen twofold since the pandemic onset more than two months ago. "Without a doubt, ISIS has taken benefit from the emergence of coronavirus and have been able to re-establish a presence in some regions which they had lost," Mehmud Faruq Ibrahim, co-chair of the Bureau for Civil Affairs in the Civil Administration of Deir-Ez-Zor, near the Iraq border, told Fox News on Wednesday. "There are gunmen loyal to ISIS who refuse any attempt to find a solution. We don't believe that they have been defeated, because they still command large numbers. Recently, they have become bolder in their actions." According to Ibrahim, just in the past few days, ISIS has carried out attacks on several Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) checkpoints, in addition to "setting off mines, blowing up a fuel truck, attacking SDF bases and stations for the distribution of water and they set off a bomb in Basara in which three children and a man were killed." Nonetheless, the U.S. military remains confident that ISIS is diminishing. "The Iraqi Security Forces conducted more than 25 operations against ISIS terrorists in the past week," Col. Myles B. Caggins III, Coalition spokesman, said on Wednesday. "Over in Syria, our SDF security partners conducted multiple raids on ISIS networks; the Coalition enabled these operations with intelligence sharing and air support." The Pentagon's Lt. Gen. Pat White also told reporters last week that ISIS claimed some 151 attacks throughout April, roughly the same as the previous year, stressing in a call with reporters earlier this month that the level of sophistication of their onslaughts had deteriorated. Moreover, the latest Pentagon report has labeled ISIS a low-level insurgency, one unable to hold territory. But in financial terms, the Islamic State's expenses have significantly decreased without a physical caliphate to maintain, and the terror group continues to exploit the monetary mechanisms it put in place. From Lipowsky's lens, ISIS's individual provinces continue to raise funds through theft of resources, the imposition of taxes on locals and extortion. "We have not fully accounted for what became of the vast wealth ISIS accumulated during the caliphate," he said. "It has also been reported that ISIS even invested some of that capital into legitimate businesses in Syria and Iraq, from which the group continues to draw funding." And in Afghanistan, U.S. officials have the radical militants for one of the most horrific attacks in recent years -- the storming of a maternity ward in a Kabul hospital earlier this month that at least 16 people, including two newborns. U.S. Special Representative Zalmay Khalilzad condemned ISIS for the attack, tweeting that the Afghanistan affiliate "opposes a peace agreement between the Islamic Republic of Afghanistan and the Taliban, and seeks to encourage sectarian war as in Iraq and Syria." According to Gluck's tracking, ISIS has not claimed the hospital assailment, and the U.S. has laid the blame with ISIS, while the Afghan government blamed the Taliban. Meanwhile, the ISIS foothold across swaths of Africa has remained fervent throughout the coronavirus pandemic. In recent times, northern Mozambique has emerged as a prominent pocket for ISIS attacks and throughout April took control of at least two towns in the Cabo Delgado region, according to local reports. The black-flag jihadist army also took responsibility for a bloody onslaught in Xitaxi, Mozambique, last month, which resulted in more than 50 deaths in what many defense experts have perceived as capitalizing the instability of a nation struggling to contain the burgeoning pandemic. "With its continued spree of attacks in Africa, ISIS has made special mention of attacks on Christians, part of its Ramadan conquest," Gluck said. A recent augment in ISIS activities in Africa's Sahel region has also been , not only toward civilians but also against Al Qaeda branches in the area, of which ISIS once cooperated with to wreak havoc. And in the northern African militant stronghold of Libya, the pandemic is said to have bolstered the array of militias -- giving them easier passage to bring in weapons and aid for their fighters -- although U.S. defense and U.S. Africa Command (AFRICOM) officials the Washington Examiner that Russia's increasing use of shadowy groups in Libya to support Khalifa Haftar poses a greater geopolitical threat than ISIS. But with its physical terrain mostly diminished, ISIS has once again turned to its online presence to boost morale and recruit troubled minds. "A number of their troll accounts are coming back, and they are posting more videos and pictures," an Iraq-focused security expert, who requested their name not be used, said. "They have become much smarter about avoiding auto-detection from Facebook and Twitter, and have learned from their past experiences." A May 15 report by the Middle East Research Institute (MEMRI) entitled "Amid COVID-19, ISIS Supporters Step Up Efforts To Reestablish Presence On Social Media," concurred that "recent weeks have seen a spike in media activity from supporters of the Islamic State (ISIS)," that there had been an increase "in the launching of Facebook accounts, the opening of new media outlets and increased activity by established ones, Telegram channels, and other media and propaganda ventures." "It appears that ISIS supporters have been taking advantage of a reduction in the prevention activity by internet companies during the COVID-19 pandemic," MEMRI said. "Meanwhile on Telegram, ISIS supporters have managed to revive a large portion of their presence on the messaging app, which has served as ISIS's main platform for releasing official publications. Dozens of new channels have sprouted up in recent weeks, following several months of relatively scant activity after a coordinated effort by Europol and Telegram to shut down ISIS accounts at the end of 2019." Another platform where ISIS supporters are flourishing, according to MEMRI, is the messaging app Hoop, a Canada-based app that bills itself as having unparalleled freedom and privacy. "At present, dozens of official channels are active on Hoop; both those are distributing official ISIS publications and non-official or semi-official channels of supporters. Many of these channels boast thousands of members," MEMRI said. "ISIS supporters regularly share links to their Hoop channels on Telegram." And even though their leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi unceremoniously blew himself up while being surrounded by U.S. forces in Syria in October 2019, raising questions as to whether that would be the needle in the terror group's coffin, it seems to have only made a dent. "Baghdadi's death had a psychological impact on ISIS's followers, but it didn't have much of an operational effect on ISIS," Lipowsky added.
https://video.foxnews.com/v/6158092645001/|__clean_error__|__clean_error__|
https://www.foxnews.com/entertainment/daytime-emmys-tv-return-virtual-ceremony-june|2 days ago|Daytime Emmys returning to TV, will air virtual ceremony in June|The will forgo a traditional theater ceremony this year due to the , but the honors will still go on with a virtual ceremony to be presented on a TV broadcast this summer. According to , the June 26 ceremony is the first time the show will air on broadcast primetime since 2011. The daytime honors had been consigned to an online presentation in recent years as viewer interest dwindled. Nominations for the 47th annual Daytime Emmys are to be announced Thursday on CBS' “The Talk,” with categories including best drama series, talk show and game show. The New York-based National Academy of Television Arts & Sciences, which organizes the daytime awards, had previously announced it wouldn't hold the traditional theater ceremony out of pandemic safety concerns. Awards will be presented on the CBS broadcast -- which is also the home of daytime shows including soap operas “The Young and the Restless” and “The Bold and the Beautiful" -- in leading categories, with winners and “other special guests appearing from home in light of the COVID-19 pandemic,” the network and academy said in a joint announcement. Winners in other categories will be announced on Twitter during the two-hour telecast, with more awards to be presented in a July ceremony, the academy said. Several stars have praised the idea of a virtual show during unprecedented times, with previously telling Fox News: “It’s an intelligent and very wise decision." "Awards and recognition are important and meaningful, but our health and safety has to come first,” Leeza Gibbons said. “I just don’t think most people are ready to gather in large groups, no matter the reason. In my view, the Academy had no choice.”
https://www.foxnews.com/sports/goodyear-blimp-flyover-florida-hospitals-manning-brady-golf|2 days ago|Goodyear blimp to fly over 11 Florida hospitals to thank health care workers ahead of Manning-Brady golf match|The Goodyear Blimp will fly over 11 hospitals this week to honor fighting on the front lines in the days leading up to a celebrity golf match that will raise millions for coronavirus relief. The Wingfoot Two, one of the Goodyear airships famous for hovering above major sporting events around the country, hasn’t seen much action with pro sports seasons suspended or canceled due to the pandemic. But it’s in town for the “ ” coronavirus relief event that will feature golf legends and , as well as NFL all-time greats and . In its return to service, the airship’s giant LED screen will show a scrolling “THANK YOU” message as it travels across the skies of the Sunshine State. Similar flyovers, in tribute to health care workers and to lift the spirits of everyday Americans in coronavirus-stricken communities around the country, have been performed by the Blue Angels and Thunderbirds, as well as various squadrons of the Air National Guard and other organizations in recent weeks. The blimp will fly over five hospitals in South Florida Friday beginning at noon: the Cleveland Clinic, Mount Sinai Medical Center, Memorial Regional Hospital, Broward Health Medical Center and Holy Cross Hospital. On Saturday, it will travel over six hospitals in North Florida, beginning with Broward Health North at 11:30 a.m. before it heads to Delray Medical Center, Bethesda Hospital East, JFK Medical Center and St. Mary’s Medical Center. The charity golf match will see Woods and Manning take on Brady and Mickelson on Sunday to raise at least $10 million for coronavirus relief. When asked on last week if he would ever get tired of beating Manning -- as he has done on the NFL field 11 times in 17 games -- Brady joked that he was happy he wasn’t facing Manning’s younger brother, Eli Manning. It was the younger Manning who led the New York Giants to beat Brady’s former New England Patriots in two Super Bowls.
https://www.foxnews.com/media/sen-rob-portman-unemployment-benefits-covid-relief-bill|2 days ago|Sen. Portman proposes 'bonus' to get Americans earning more on unemployment relief to return to the workforce|Republican Senator Rob Portman, R-Ohio, wants a provision in the next COVID-19 relief bill to address unemployed workers who are receiving more money in federal benefits quarantining at home than they normally would under their regular salary if they were to return to work. Portman is concerned as the economy reopens that there could be a "disincentive" to return to full employment. “I’m hearing from a lot of small business employers in Ohio who are ready to go, ready to start reopening again, that it’s been very difficult for them to get workers to come back when they can make more, sometimes substantially more on unemployment insurance,” Portman said. The $3 trillion stimulus bill passed by the House last week called for an extension of the $600 a week in additional unemployment benefits beyond July, when it was set to expire. The $600 flat rate was done because the federal government didn’t have confidence in state governments’ unemployment offices to conduct wage replacement numbers on an individual basis. Portman is calling for those that are unemployed to keep $450 of the $600 a week they’re getting as a type of “return to work” bonus -- but it would expire at the end of July. “Our proposal is very simple, if you're willing to go back to work then you would actually get a bonus, a back-to-work bonus out of that $600. The number we have used is $450 because that would make everyone level with minimum wage in every state in America," said Portman. One done by three economists at the University of Chicago found 68 percent of unemployed workers were receiving benefits that exceeded their lost earnings. Some low-wage workers in food service and janitorial industries were found to be receiving more than 150 percent of their previous weekly salaries in the study. Portman also called on more new funding for certain cities facing dire budget shortfalls with a loss of tax revenue due to the pandemic. He lamented that those funds already appropriated aren't getting to municipalities fast enough. “I think some municipalities are going to need more help because their revenues are so short. ... Ohio is an example, none of the money has gone down to [the] local government yet. ... A lot of their revenue sources are drying up. They can’t pay police, fire, EMS, basic public safety," Portman said. The Center on Budget and Policy Priorities said, "State budget shortfalls from COVID-19’s economic fallout could total $650 billion over three years." Portman also had direct words for the Trump administration over the Reports have suggested that Secretary of State Mike Pompeo had asked President Trump to fire Linick over the IG's probes into possible misuse of a political appointee at the State Department to perform personal tasks for Pompeo and his wife. Portman acknowledged that under the U.S. Constitution the president has the right to remove anyone working in the executive branch and that those individuals serve at the pleasure of the president. But the senator still wants answers: “I’ve said publicly and privately to the administration that I believe they ought to follow the law that requires a 30-day notice to Congress and provides a reason and rationale for the firing. ... My sense is that the administration is thinking about that and said the president has lost confidence in the individual, we need to know why the president has lost confidence in the individual."
https://www.foxnews.com/politics/as-presidents-coronavirus-approval-drops-bidens-lead-over-trump-grows-poll|2 days ago|As president’s coronavirus approval drops, Biden’s lead over Trump grows: poll|A new national survey indicates flagging support for the job is doing combating And a released Wednesday also suggests that presumptive Democratic presidential nominee s lead over Trump in the showdown has increased to 11 points. tops by a 50-39 percent margin among registered voters nationwide, according to the survey. That’s up slightly from a 49-41 percent lead Biden held over Trump in Quinnipiac’s previous poll, which was conducted in April. Biden’s double-digit lead in the Quinnipiac survey is higher than the single-digit advantage he holds in most other national polls. Biden tops the president by 5.6 points in the latest Real Clear Politics average of national head-to-head polling between the two major-party candidates. As expected, the Quinnipiac survey indicates Democrats overwhelmingly supportive of Biden and Republicans overwhelmingly backing Trump. The survey suggests independents breaking for the Democratic challenger by a 47-36 percent margin, with five and a half months to go until Election Day. The president has a seven-point advantage among male voters, but Biden trounces Trump by 28 points among all women – including an 11-point lead among white women. "What does the 11-point Biden lead tell us? At best for Team Trump, it says voter confidence in President Trump is shaky. At worst for them, as coronavirus cases rise, Trump's judgment is questioned – and November looms," Quinnipiac University polling analyst Tim Malloy highlighted. The president’s overall approval rating stands at 42 percent approval and 53 percent disapproval, down slightly from a month ago. The president’s approval on steering the federal response to the coronavirus stands at 41 percent this month, down five points from April. Disapproval jumped five points, to 56 percent. And by a 16-point margin – 55 to 39 percent – voters say they think Biden would do a better job than the president handling the coronavirus response. The Biden campaign touted that number on Twitter. Two-thirds of those questioned – but only 38 percent of Republicans – say that Trump should wear a face mask when he is out in public. On the president’s polling strong suit – – 50 percent approve of the job he’s doing handling the economy, with 47 percent disapproving. Voters were split on whether Trump or Biden would do a better job on the economy. Biden’s favorable rating in the survey stands at 45-41 percent favorable, with the president underwater, at 40-55 percent unfavorable. The Quinnipiac University Poll was conducted May 14-18, with 1,323 self-identified registered voters nationwide questioned by live telephone operators. The survey’s sampling error is plus or minus 2.7 percentage points. didn’t appear to mention the Quinnipiac poll but took to Twitter to highlight a new CNBC poll which indicated the president with the edge over Biden in an average of six crucial general election battleground states.
https://www.foxnews.com/politics/pompeo-calls-chinas-newest-aid-pledge-paltry-given-the-number-of-lives-lost|2 days ago|Pompeo calls China’s newest coronavirus aid pledge 'paltry' given the number of lives lost worldwide|Secretary of State criticized China’s pledge of $2 billion to fight the effects of the coronavirus pandemic, calling it “paltry” in a Wednesday . “This plague has cost roughly 90,000 American lives. More than 36 million Americans have lost their job since March. Globally, 300,000 lives,” Pompeo said. He added that the cost of the pandemic imposed on the world by “failures” of the Chinese government “could be as much as around $9 trillion, according to our estimates.” In the Tuesday, Chinese President Xi Jingping said that China will provide the equivalent of $2 billion to assist with economic and social development and will target developing countries most affected by the pandemic. The United States has provided $10 billion in international coronavirus relief for vaccine research and humanitarian aid, according to the secretary of state. “That’s compared to a promise of $2 billion from the Chinese," said Pompeo. "I look forward to seeing them fulfill that $2 billion commitment." Pompeo also rejected China’s claim of “openness” and “transparency” after the virus broke out in Wuhan, China. “I wish it were so. It’s been 142 days since doctors at Wuhan Central Hospital first started sharing information about a SARS-like virus,” Pompeo told the State Department press briefing. “And yet, today … Beijing continues to deny investigators access to relevant facilities, to withhold live virus samples, to censor discussion of the pandemic within China, and much, much more.” U.S.-China relations have been strained for weeks. President Donald Trump, who first praised China’s response to the virus, has condemned their unwillingness to allow outside investigators into a lab located near Wuhan – where some suspect the virus may have originated. “If the Chinese Communist Party wants to demonstrate real openness, real transparency, it could easily hold press conferences, like this very press conference, and allow reporters to ask him anything that they would like,” Pompeo said Wednesday.
https://www.foxnews.com/media/gov-ron-desantis-blasts-media-for-pushing-partisan-narrative-amid-positive-virus-response-in-fl|2 days ago|Gov. Ron DeSantis blasts media for pushing 'partisan narrative' amid positive virus response in FL|Republican Florida Gov. pulled no punches against the media on Wednesday for its hostile coverage of his handling of the coronavirus in his state. Speaking to reporters alongside Vice President Mike Pence, DeSantis touted Florida's improving data, citing Dr. Deborah Birx of the White House coronavirus task force, who called it the "absolutely best data" among every state in the country. "So any insinuation otherwise is just typical, partisan narrative trying to be spun and part of the reason is that you've got a lot of people in your profession who waxed poetically for weeks and weeks about how Florida was going to be just like New York," DeSantis scolded the reporters. "'Wait two weeks, Florida is going to be next. Just like Italy, wait two weeks.' Well hell, we're eight weeks away from that and it hasn't happened!" DeSantis then pointed to Florida's "lower death rate" than states up north, in the Midwest, and in the South, adding "I was the No. 1 landing spot from tens of thousands of people leaving the No. 1 hot zone in the world to come to my state," referring to New York City. "And so we've succeeded and I think that people just don't want to recognize it because it challenges their narrative, it challenges their assumption, so they've got to try and find a boogeyman – maybe it's that black helicopter circling the Department of Health. If you believe that, then I have a bridge in Brooklyn I'd like to sell ya," DeSantis said. The Florida governor also addressed the reported firing of Rebekah Jones, an official from the state's Health Department who alleged she was ousted for refusing to not censor negative data that would reflect poorly on the state's reopening. "One, she's not a data scientist. She's somebody that's got a degree in journalism, communication and geography," DeSantis told a reporter. "She is not involved in collating any data. She does not have the expertise to do that. She's not an epidemiologist. She is not the chief architect of our web portal – that is another false statement. And what she was doing – she was putting data on the portal, which the scientists didn't believe was valid data. So she didn't listen to the people who were her superiors. She had many people above her in the chain of command and so she was dismissed because of that and because of a bunch of different things about how she did." DeSantis went on to detail how he had also discovered that Jones was under "active criminal charges" in the state of Florida for "cyber stalking and cyber sexual harassment." "So I've asked the Department of Health to explain to me how someone would be allowed to be charged with that and continue on because this was many months ago," the governor continued. "I have a zero-tolerance policy for sexual harassment, so her supervisor dismissed her because of a lot of those reasons and it was a totally valid way, but she should have been dismissed long before that." Last week, Politico had some choice words for the naysayers in the mainstream media who slammed DeSantis for reopening his state after its latest coronavirus data suggests a sunny outlook. Politico reporters Marc Caputo and Renuka Rayasam began the coronavirus newsletter by noting that Florida was "not a post-apocalyptic hellscape of coronavirus infection and cadavers stacked like cordwood." "Florida just doesn’t look nearly as bad as the national news media and sky-is-falling critics have been predicting for about two months now," they wrote. "But then, the national news media is mostly based in New York and loves to love its Democratic governor, Andrew Cuomo, about as much as it loves to hate Florida’s Republican Gov. Ron DeSantis." Caputo and Rayasam acknowledged that "DeSantis looks more right than those who criticized" his decision to slowly reopen the state, pointing to the fewer than 2,000 dead and the roughly 43,000 cases, which was "a fraction of the dire predictions" that were previously made, also noting that Florida's coronavirus numbers are "dwarfed" by New York's and that "more people reportedly died in New York nursing homes than in all of Florida." "DeSantis is actually polling worse than Cuomo in their respective states, and the Florida press is wondering why," the newsletter continued. "Part of that is style. Cuomo has a smooth delivery, a deep and calming voice and an attitude that projects he can answer any question. DeSantis sometimes comes across as peevish and defensive, has made a misstatement or two and was mocked for struggling to put on a mask. But most of the difference between DeSantis and Cuomo is due to politics. DeSantis governs a politically divided state. Cuomo is a scion of Democratic royalty in a deeply Democratic state." The Politico reporters acknowledged that "media bias" is a major factor, noting how Cuomo has a press that "defers to him" and "preferred to cover 'Florida Morons' at the beach." "Maybe things would be different if DeSantis had a brother who worked in cable news and interviewed him for a 'sweet moment' in primetime," the reporters wrote as an apparent knock towards CNN anchor Chris Cuomo's softball interviews with his governor brother. However, they noted that DeSantis "can't quite take a victory lap" since he "deferred to local leaders early on" and how "more than 1.4 million unique unemployment claims have been submitted, but only half have received compensation. "DeSantis is trying to get fixed quickly. He knows that in a state he won by less than half a point two years ago, and one that President Donald Trump won by slightly more than a point in 2016, it’s a political time bomb to have potentially hundreds of thousands of people blaming the party in power for their woes in an election year," the newsletter concluded.
https://www.foxnews.com/health/sock-hack-coronavirus-mask|2 days ago|Sock hack for coronavirus mask is a simple way to keep safe|Amid the pandemic, the question is not just should you wear a mask, but what kind. A young man known as with platforms on various social media, from TikTok to Instagram, made a sock hack for a coronavirus mask -- a simple way to keep safe. The video, which has been seen at least , shows Joshua taking a Nike sock and cutting it up to make a mask. can significantly reduce the rate of airborne transmission, according to a study released on Sunday. The study, conducted by a team of scientists in Hong Kong, found the rate of non-contact transmission through respiratory droplets or airborne particles decreased by as much as 75 percent when masks were used. “The findings implied to the world and the public is that the effectiveness of mask-wearing against the coronavirus pandemic is huge,” said Dr. Yuen Kwok-yung, a leading microbiologist from Hong Kong University who helped discover the SARS virus in 2003. The study was released by the department of microbiology at the University of Hong Kong and comes as world leaders, including the World Health Organization (WHO), have questioned the effectiveness of face coverings outside of medical settings. The study, described as a first of its kind, placed hamsters in two cages, with one of the groups infected with COVID-19 and the other healthy. They placed the animals in three different scenarios to analyze the effectiveness of the face coverings. (CDC) also has recommended wearing masks in public settings to slow the spread of the . A new study suggested that cases of COVID-19 could be cut significantly if 80 percent of people heeded this advice. The , published by a group of international experts, created a model that shows the cases could be cut significantly if "(near) universal masking" is adopted. "Universal masking at 80 [percent] adoption flattens the curve significantly more than maintaining a strict lockdown," researchers wrote in the study, which has not yet been peer-reviewed. "Masking at only 50 [percent] adoption is not sufficient to prevent continued spread," the researchers added. Replacing the strict lockdown with social distancing on May 31 without masking results in unchecked spread." The model the researchers built is known as the maskim simulator. One of the collaborators on the study, economist Guy-Philippe Goldstein, told that in addition to social distancing, wearing a mask is the only thing working "to flatten the curve of infections" as the world waits for treatments and vaccines.
https://video.foxnews.com/v/6158084185001/|__clean_error__|__clean_error__|
https://www.foxnews.com/politics/rep-jordan-raises-concerns-over-hhs-whistleblower-democratic-ties|2 days ago|Rep. Jim Jordan raises concerns over HHS whistleblower, alleged Democratic ties|House Judiciary Committee ranking member Rep. , R-Ohio, raised a variety of concerns over former Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority (BARDA) director 's whistleblower complaint, implying that his allegations of retaliation for not promoting hydroxychloroquine may be politically influenced. In a letter to the Office of Special Counsel obtained by Fox News, Jordan noted that Bright previously supported hydroxycholoroquine for emergency use and clinical trials, but when he later opposed the drug it was at the same time BARDA awarded millions for the testing of a different drug. "On March 21, 2020, during the time period when Dr. Bright says he was urging HHS leadership against the use of hydroxychloroquine, BARDA awarded pharmaceutical company Regeneron $92 million in funding for clinical studies for its anti-rheumatic drug Kevzara for treatment in patients with COVID-19," the letter said. "While the drug is similar to hydroxychloroquine in that both therapies are anti-rheumatic, Dr. Bright's preferred drug is costlier to the patient without yet proving efficacy or safety." Jordan points out how Bright acknowledged in a recent congressional hearing that he had supported use of hydroxychloroquine in clinical studies and even requested an emergency use authorization for it from the FDA, but opposed use of the drug outside a physician's supervision. Jordan also implied that Bright has ties to Democrats who used his testimony "to politicize the Trump administration's response to the COVID-19 pandemic[.]" He noted that the company producing the drug BARDA supported is located in the district of a "powerful Democratic member of Congress," and referred to a report that detailed Bright's ties to Rep. Anna Eshoo, D-Calif., who chairs the committee that invited Bright to testify. The report refers to Eshoo -- who worked on legislation that created BARDA -- as a "close congressional ally" of Bright, and describes how companies in Eshoo's district have received more than $100 million from BARDA during and prior to Bright's leadership. Jordan stated that Eshoo's Health Subcommittee of the House Committee on Energy and Commerce is "a panel not typically known for evaluating allegations of prohibited personnel practices." Eshoo told Politico that she held the hearing "because the American people deserve to hear Dr. Bright’s story." A spokesperson for Bright told the outlet, "If members of Congress call him, no matter if it is a Republican or a Democrat, he responds back. This is not about politics.” Fox News reached out Eshoo's office for further comment but they did not immediately responded. Jordan claims that House Democrats used Bright's testimony "as an opportunity to attack the Trump administration for political gain." He urged the Office of Special Counsel "to resist any attempt to further politicize Dr. Bright's allegations and instead conduct a fair and objective investigation with all available facts."
https://www.foxnews.com/world/china-ppe-factories-seizures-coronavirus-wave-fears|2 days ago|China seizes control of PPE factories, sparking fear of new coronavirus wave|. is again seizing factory lines churning out the world’s supply of medical safety gear — sparking fears the country is preparing for a second wave of the coronavirus, American traders in China told The Post. New Yorker Moshe Malamud, who has done business in China for over two decades, was moving tens of millions of pieces of protective gear to the U.S. at the height of the crisis but said suppliers in recent weeks had been overwhelmed with orders from the Chinese government. “I was placing a larger order with one of the bigger distributors and he tells me, ‘I can complete this order but after this we’ve been contracted by the Chinese government to produce 250 million gowns,'” said Malamud, who lived in China for a decade before founding aviation company M2Jets. He said he heard a similar story about another manufacturer making thermometers. “We hear how China is up and running and the virus is past them, so I asked, ‘What are they ordering 250 million gowns for?’ and of course no one is talking.” “I’ve been hearing this a lot from other manufacturing institutions that say, ‘We can give you a little bit, but basically we’re concentrated between now and the end of the summer manufacturing stuff for the Chinese government in anticipation of a second wave,’” he continued. Last month, leading U.S. manufacturers of medical safety gear told the White House that China had as the crisis mounted, a Post report revealed.
https://www.foxnews.com/media/homeless-encampments-preventing-return-normalcy-oregon-california|2 days ago|Homeless encampments preventing a quick return to normalcy for West Coast small businesses|With states reopening their economies as the flattens, some West Coast business owners have been confronted by outside their storefronts, and many fear the trend will turn away customers. After months of having their operations restricted by governors' edicts, proprietors have long sought the end of coronavirus-induced lockdowns. But now in parts of Oregon and California, homelessness is the epidemic affecting business. In Portland's downtown and business district, Fox News' Dan Springer documented recreational tents and other improvised shelters lining the sidewalks. While police have launched high-visibility bicycle and foot patrols in those areas, some officers kept moving right on past the encampments. According to Springer, crime is up in Portland, notably drug offenses and vandalism. Portland officials have said they will not remove any tents unless business entrances are physically blocked, criminal activity is evident or there is a biohazard Oregon, which has a population of 4.2 million people, has just 3,801 confirmed coronavirus cases as of Wednesday, but the state's unemployment rate has spiked to 14 percent in April, largely due to the lockdown. Before the pandemic, 4,000 Oregonians lived on the streets, but that number has risen sharply in some areas. Down the coast in San Francisco, tents have popped up in front of shops and small manufacturing outfits in the Tenderloin district, where management fears customers will not return. In response, the city sanctioned its first homeless encampment on a large plaza near the city hall. The deteriorating homeless situation in the city has led to an average of 86 public complaints per day since March 12. .
https://www.foxnews.com/politics/nyc-amazon-catastrophic-job-losses|2 days ago|AOC-led push to kill Amazon's NYC move under renewed scrutiny as city faces catastrophic job losses|As suffers an economic crisis on top of the coronavirus pandemic, some are looking back with regrets at the left-wing campaign that forced to bring tens of thousands of jobs to the area – arguing this project could have helped the Big Apple weather the storm. “At this time when coronavirus is ravaging incomes across New York, wouldn’t it be nice if the city and state at least knew that one of the world’s largest companies, one of the rare concerns positioned to thrive through the crisis, had made a long-term commitment to locate between 25,000 and 40,000 high-paying jobs here?” an editorial in the said. The criticism from the local paper this month comes amid estimates from the city’s Independent Budget Office that New York City could lose 475,000 jobs by next March and see a $9.7 billion decrease in tax revenue over the next two years, according to . Amazon had planned to build a second NYC headquarters in Long Island City in Queens, but community activists and left-wing lawmakers like , and state senators rallied to block the move in 2019. In particular, they had zeroed in on the estimated $2.5 billion in incentives that Amazon would receive in order to tempt them to the area. "Now what I DON’T want is for our public funds to be funding freebie helipads for Amazon + robber baron billionaires," Ocasio-Cortez tweeted at the time, "all while NYCHA and public schools go underfunded & mom+pops get nowhere near that kind of a break." It was a battle that AOC, and other anti-Amazon local politicians, won when in February 2019, Amazon announced it was taking its jobs elsewhere. "For Amazon, the commitment to build a new headquarters requires positive, collaborative relationships with state and local elected officials who will be supportive over the long-term,” the company said in a statement. “While polls show that 70 percent of New Yorkers support our plans and investment, a number of state and local politicians have made it clear that they oppose our presence and will not work with us to build the type of relationships that are required to go forward with the project we and many others envisioned in Long Island City.” It infuriated even fellow Democrats like Gov. Andrew Cuomo, who blasted “a small group politicians [who] put their own narrow political interests above their community.” Now, with Amazon still going strong as they have become an essential service for Americans trying to get their goods while avoiding brick-and-mortar stores, some are questioning that lobbying effort once again. "The impact of AOC's reckless scuttling of the Amazon deal cannot be overstated. Not only did AOC cost New York 25,000 good-paying jobs, she sent a message to job creators everywhere that they were no longer welcome in her city,” Alfredo Ortiz, CEO of Job Creators Network, told Fox News. “With New York City expected to lose 500,000 jobs due to the pandemic, AOC's brand of left-wing politics has no place in New York or anywhere else,” he said. “Only by unleashing the spirit of free enterprise can our economy recover, something AOC would never understand." Meanwhile, AOC is also taking heat from a Democratic primary challenger, who is citing the Amazon case as an example that Ocasio-Cortez is out of touch and doesn’t care about the people she was sent to represent. “If she really cared, she wouldn’t drive away 25,000 jobs like she did,” Michelle Caruso-Cabrera told . The Daily News, meanwhile, which is traditionally more representative of left-wing views in its editorials, didn’t mention Ocasio-Cortez by name – but clearly had her in its sights when it ripped into “smug” elected officials in its editorial this month. “Wouldn’t it be nice if elected officials hadn’t been so smug and shortsighted as to insist that our great metropolis had so much going for it that it could easily look the best economic development opportunity in the modern history of the city in the mouth?” its editorial asked. It went on to note that critics of Amazon were right to raise concerns about the company, including complaints about safety, data handling and the threat to traditional stores. “But we do know that our great city’s tax revenue outlook would look a lot rosier right now if a handful of posturing pols hadn’t run one of the world’s top companies out of town on a rail,” it said.
https://www.foxnews.com/food-drink/tokyo-pub-disinfectant-spray-coronavirus|2 days ago|Tokyo pub installs machine to spray customers with disinfectant for 30 seconds|There’s nothing like sitting down for a , especially after getting sprayed with disinfectant. While many people are anxious for and to reopen after the pandemic, these businesses still have to figure out how to handle the changes they’ll need to make, to ensure that customers feel safe. One pub in Tokyo is taking a unique approach. Kichiri Shinjuku, a restaurant located in Tokyo’s Shinjuku district, installed a machine near its entrance that sprays a fine mist of chlorine-based disinfectant for 30 seconds, reports. Before entering the machine, guests will reportedly be instructed to wash their hands and have their temperature checked. According to the outlet, the machine sprays a mist of hypochlorous acid water. “We wanted to develop a system that is in accordance with the new lifestyle and something that is a high model that could prevent infection,” the president of Kichiri&Co told Reuters. “It’s still an experiment, but once we develop the system, we want to share the know-how at each of our restaurants.” After stepping through the machine, customers are provided a map to their seats and are able to order with their smartphones. The process has been designed to prevent customers from coming into unnecessary contact with workers. Acrylic screens have also been set up to separate guests while they eat. One customer who used the machine said it made them feel safe, although they reportedly felt that 30 seconds was a long time to have to stand under the spraying mechanism. “…Being in there for 30 seconds was a bit long," the customer said, according to Reuters. "I was like, when will this be over[?]”
https://www.foxnews.com/great-outdoors/yellowstone-national-park-visitors-not-wearing-masks-practicing-social-distancing|2 days ago|Yellowstone National Park visitors not wearing masks, practicing social distancing at reopening: report|, weeks after its March 24 closure due to the . Eager visitors flocked to the popular on opening day. The deluge of people -- thousands of them, according to -- reportedly lined up in their cars on the highway, staring at 5:30 a.m., for the noon reopening. But as the excited nature enthusiasts took advantage of the partially opened park and now-waived entrance fees, there was one thing they reportedly were not doing: following Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) protocols for social distancing and wearing face coverings. “We checked the webcam at Old Faithful at about 3.30 p.m. yesterday,” Kristin Brengel, the senior vice president of government affairs at the National Parks Conservation Association, told The Guardian. “Not much physical distancing happening and not a single mask in sight.” According to The Guardian, rangers had to disperse visitors from congregating in groups, multiple times. The park, which is in the first phase of its reopening, encourages guests to “provide others with plenty of room in accordance with CDC social distancing guidelines of 6 feet, and cover your nose and mouth if safe social distancing is not possible,” as part of its multi-step safety plan, a spokesperson told Fox news. The reopening, of a three-phase plan, also keeps intact bans on overnight accommodations, as well as backcountry permits, tours, boating, fishing, visitor centers and other facilities and services. Wyoming, where most of Yellowstone is located, has lifted out-of-state quarantine orders. However, Montana and Idaho, where the park’s other entrances are located, have not lifted their 14-day quarantine mandate for out-of-state visitors, meaning the West, North and Northeast entrances to the park remain closed. A spokesperson for the National Park Service did not immediately respond to Fox News’ request for comment.
https://www.foxnews.com/politics/former-white-house-butler-served-11-presidents-dies-coronavirus|2 days ago|Former White House butler who served 11 presidents dies of coronavirus at 91|Wilson Roosevelt Jerman, a former butler who served 11 presidents in various roles across seven decades, has died. He was 91. The cause of death was , Fox 5 DC reported. Jerman joined the White House staff in 1957. From former presidents Dwight D. Eisenhower to Barack , he held roles first as a housekeeper then later a doorman and butler. “During the Eisenhower administration, he started off as a cleaner,” his eldest granddaughter, Jamila Garrett, told . During the Kennedy administration, it was first lady Jacqueline Kennedy who promoted him to White House butler, according to Garrett. “She was instrumental in ensuring that that happened,” she said. Jerman’s position at the White House spanned decades of changes, as security efforts increased and 1600 Pennsylvania Ave. evolved from an official residence into a major catering facility, according to the White House Historical Association. Near the end of his career, he stepped into a part-time role. He was one of the White House’s longest-serving employees. Part of his longevity there, serving at the pleasure of presidents from both political parties, might have been his habit of keeping mum about his job outside of the workplace. “There would be too many questions asked,” he told in 2017. “You see, you never see. You hear, you never hear. And you don’t know nothing.” The coronavirus has surpassed 1.5 million confirmed cases in the U.S., according to Johns Hopkins University. More than 92,000 people have died from the illness domestically. Worldwide, the case total was approaching 5 million as of Wednesday afternoon, with over 325,000 deaths. Older adults and people with underlying medical conditions are at higher risk for severe cases of the illness, according to the (CDC).
https://www.foxnews.com/politics/gao-report-finds-lapses-in-infection-prevention-in-82-of-nursing-homes|2 days ago|GAO report finds lapses in infection prevention in 82 percent of nursing homes|A government watchdog report released on Wednesday found that eight in 10 inspected were cited for infection-control problems and there were “persistent problems” when it came to . The report by the Government Accountability Office, which analyzed data from the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services from 2013 to 2017, found that 82 percent of nursing homes – over 13,000 in all – had received citations for either cutting corners or failing to implement to correct controls in that time frame. “Our analysis of CMS data shows that infection prevention and control deficiencies were the most common type of deficiency cited in surveyed nursing homes,” John Dicken, the director of the healthcare team at the GAO wrote in a letter to Sen. Ron Wyden of Oregon, the top Democrat on a committee that oversees Medicare and Medicaid. “Infection prevention and control deficiencies cited by surveyors can include situations where nursing home staff did not regularly use proper hand hygiene or failed to implement preventive measures during an infectious disease outbreak, such as isolating sick residents and using masks and other personal protective equipment to control the spread of infection." Dicken added: “Many of these practices can be critical to preventing the spread of infectious diseases, including COVID19.” Nursing homes are of the coronavirus outbreak. About 1.4 million people live in some 15,500 facilities in the United States. Most of those people were already at higher risk due to age and medical history, and they also shared dining rooms, recreation areas, bathrooms and sleeping quarters. An ongoing count by The Associated Press has found that outbreaks in nursing homes and long-term care facilities have killed more than 30,000 people, more than one-third of all coronavirus deaths in the country. New York, as with much of the other grim news from the outbreak, has been the epicenter of deaths in nursing homes with more than 5,000 being reported as of earlier this week. “Warning signs were ignored and nursing homes were unprepared to face a pandemic,” said Sen. Ron Wyden of Oregon, the top Democrat on a committee that oversees Medicare and Medicaid. “There need to be big changes in the way nursing homes care for seniors.” The GAO report found that about 40 percent of the nursing homes inspected in each of the past two years were cited for problems with infection control and prevention. Looking deeper into federal data for 2013-2017, investigators found a recurring pattern of problems. Data for that five-year period showed that 82 percent of nursing homes inspected, or 13,299, had at least one deficiency related to infection control and prevention. About half of the facilities had an infection-related deficiency in multiple consecutive years. Seema Verma, head of the federal Medicare and Medicaid agency, said this week that governors should exercise “extreme caution” before allowing nursing homes to reopen to visitors. Verma has announced that CMS plans to name a commission to examine the nursing home response to coronavirus and make recommendations. The GAO said it plans other reports to independently examine how CMS responded to the outbreak as well as the agency's oversight of infection control in nursing homes. The head of the nursing home trade group, the American Health Care Association, has flagged infection control as a priority for the industry. “We are absolutely committed to a renewed emphasis on infection control,” Mark Parkinson said in a recent interview.
https://video.foxnews.com/v/6158095204001/|__clean_error__|__clean_error__|
https://www.foxnews.com/politics/doctors-raise-alarm-about-health-effects-of-continued-coronavirus-shutdown|2 days ago|Doctors raise alarm about health effects of continued coronavirus shutdown: 'Mass casualty incident'|More than 600 doctors signed onto a letter sent to Tuesday pushing him to end the "national shutdown" aimed at slowing the spread of the , calling the widespread state orders keeping businesses closed and kids home from a "mass casualty incident" with "exponentially growing health consequences." The letter outlines a variety of consequences that the doctors have observed resulting from the coronavirus shutdowns, including patients missing routine checkups that could detect things like heart problems or cancer, increases in substance and alcohol abuse, and increases in financial instability that could lead to "[p]overty and financial uncertainty," which "is closely linked to poor health." "We are alarmed at what appears to be the lack of consideration for the future health of our patients," the doctors say in their letter. "The downstream health effects ... are being massively under-estimated and under-reported. This is an order of magnitude error." The letter continues: "The millions of casualties of a continued shutdown will be hiding in plain sight, but they will be called alcoholism, homelessness, suicide, heart attack, stroke, or kidney failure. In youths it will be called financial instability, unemployment, despair, drug addiction, unplanned pregnancies, poverty, and abuse. "Because the harm is diffuse, there are those who hold that it does not exist. We, the undersigned, know otherwise." The letter comes as the battle over when and how to lift coronavirus restrictions continues to rage on cable television, in the courts, in protests and among government officials. Those for lifting the restrictions have warned about the economic consequences of keeping the shutdowns in effect. Those advocating a more cautious approach say that having more people out and about will necessarily end with more people becoming infected, causing what National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases Director Dr. Anthony Fauci warned in a Senate hearing last week would be preventable "suffering and death." But these doctors point to others that are suffering, not from the economy or the virus, but simply from not being able to leave home. The doctors' letter lists a handful of patients by their initials and details their experiences. "Patient E.S. is a mother with two children whose office job was reduced to part-time and whose husband was furloughed," the letter reads. "The father is drinking more, the mother is depressed and not managing her diabetes well, and the children are barely doing any schoolwork." "Patient A.F. has chronic but previously stable health conditions," it continues. "Her elective hip replacement was delayed, which caused her to become nearly sedentary, resulting in a pulmonary embolism in April." Dr. Mark McDonald, a psychiatrist, noted in a conversation with Fox News that a 31-year-old patient of his with a history of depression who was attending school to get a master's degree in psychology died about two weeks ago of a fentanyl overdose. He blames the government-imposed shutdown. "She had to stay in her apartment, essentially in house arrest as most people here in [Los Angeles] were for weeks and weeks, she could not see her therapist -- she could speak to the therapist over the phone but she couldn't see her in person. She could not attend any of her group meetings, which were helping to maintain her abstinence from opiates ... and she relapsed into depression. "She was just too withdrawn to ask for help," McDonald continued before noting that due to regulations only six people could be at her funeral. "She was simply trying to escape from her pain... I do blame these actions by the government for her death." Fox News asked McDonald, as well as three other doctors who were involved with the letter, if they thought the indirect effects of the shutdowns outweighed the likely direct consequences of lifting them -- the preventable "suffering and death" Fauci referred to in last week's Senate hearing. All four said that they believe they do. "The very initial argument ... which sounded reasonable three months ago, is that in order to limit the overwhelmed patient flux into hospitals that would prevent adequate care, we needed to spread out the infections and thus the deaths in specific locales that could become hotspots, particularly New York City... It was a valid argument at the beginning based on the models that were given," McDonald said. "What we've seen now over the last three months is that no city -- none, zero -- outside of New York has even been significantly stressed." McDonald is referring to the misconception that business closures and stay-at-home orders aimed at "flattening the curve" are meant to reduce the total number of people who will fall ill because of the coronavirus. Rather, these curve-flattening measures are meant largely to reduce the number of people who are sick at any given time, thus avoiding a surge in cases that overwhelms the health care system and causes otherwise preventable deaths because not all patients are able to access lifesaving critical care. McDonald said that "hospitals are not only not overwhelmed, they're actually being shut down." He noted that at one hospital in the Los Angeles area where Dr. Simone Gold, the head organizer of the letter, works "the technicians in the ER have been cut by 50 percent." Gold also said the effects of the shutdown are more serious for the vast majority of people than the potential virus spread if it is quickly lifted. "When you look at the data of the deaths and the critically ill, they are patients who were very sick to begin with," she said, "There's always exceptions. ... But when you look at the pure numbers, it's overwhelmingly patients who are in nursing homes and patients with serious underlying conditions. Meaning, that that's where our resources should be spent. I think it's terribly unethical... part of the reason why we let [the virus] fly through the nursing homes is because we're diverting resources across society at large. We have limited resources we should put them where it's killed people." People of all ages, of course, have been shown to be able to catch the coronavirus. And there have been reported health complications in children that could potentially be . Fauci also warned about assuming that children are largely protected from the effects of the virus. “We don't know everything about this virus … especially when it comes to children,” in a Senate hearing last week. “We ought to be careful and not cavalier.” Newport Beach, Calif., concierge doctor Dr. Jeffrey Barke, who led the letter effort with Gold, also put an emphasis on the disparity in who the virus effects. "There are thousands of us out there that don't agree with the perspective of Dr. Fauci and [White House coronavirus response coordinator] Dr. [Deborah] Birx that believe, yes, this virus is deadly, it's dangerous, and it's contagious, but only to a select group of Americans," he said. "The path forward is to allow the young and healthy, the so-called herd, to be exposed and to develop a degree of antibodies that both now is protective to them and also prevents the virus from spreading to the most vulnerable." Dr. Scott Barbour, an orthopedic surgeon in Atlanta, reflected the comments the other doctors made about how the medical system has been able to handle the coronavirus without being overwhelmed, but also noted that the reported mortality rates from the coronavirus might be off. "The vast majority of the people that contract this disease are asymptomatic or so minimally symptomatic that they're not even aware that they're sick. And so the denominator in our calculation of mortality rate is far greater than we think," he said. "The risk of dying from COVID is relatively small when we consider these facts." Gold, an emergency medicine specialist based in Los Angeles, led the letter on behalf of a new organization called A Doctor a Day. A Doctor a Day has not yet formally launched but sent the letter, with hundreds of signatures from physicians nationwide, to the White House on Tuesday. Gold and the group's co-founder, Barke, said they began the organization to advocate for patients against the government-imposed coronavirus shutdowns by elevating the voices of doctors who felt that the negative externalities of the shutdowns outweigh the potential downside of letting people resume their normal business. To gather signatures for the letter, Gold and Barke partnered with the Association of American Physicians and Surgeons (AAPS), a doctors' group that advocates for less government interference in the relationship between doctors and patients, and notably has taken part in legal challenges against the Affordable Care Act and advocated to allow doctors to use hydroxychloroquine on themselves and their patients. Gold, in a conversation with Fox News, lamented that the debate around hydroxychloroquine has become politicized, noting that it is taken as a preventative measure for other diseases and that the potentially harmful effects of the drug mainly affect people with heart issues. The drug is approved to treat malaria, lupus and rheumatoid arthritis, but the has said that "[h]ydroxychloroquine and chloroquine have not been shown to be safe and effective for treating or preventing COVID-19." The FDA has also warned health professionals that the drug should not be used to treat COVID-19 outside of hospital or research settings. Gold said she has direct knowledge of physicians who are taking hydroxychloroquine and said that although "we will see" about its efficacy as it is studied more, there have been some indicators that it could be effective at preventing or mitigating COVID-19 and she could therefore understand why doctors might take the drug themselves or prescribe it to their patients. There is also other research that appears to indicate hydroxychloroquine is not an effective treatment for the coronavirus, which has largely informed the consensus that the risks of the drug outweigh the potential benefits. Gold, who is a member of the national leadership council for the Save Our Country Coalition -- an assortment of conservative groups that aim "to bring about a quick, safe and responsible reopening of US society" -- also said she was concerned that her message about the harms of shutdowns is becoming politicized. She said that she agreed with the general principles of the coalition and decided to sign on when asked, but hasn't done much work with it and is considering asking to have her name removed because people are largely associating her message on reopening the country with a conservative political point of view. "I haven't done anything other than that," she said. "It's causing a big misunderstanding about what I'm doing so I actually think I'm just going to take my name off because it's not really supposed to be political." Gold also said she is not associated with the Trump reelection campaign in any way, referring to her inclusion in an story about the Trump campaign's efforts to recruit doctors to support the president's message on lifting coronavirus restrictions. The AP story details a call organized CNP Action, also part of the Save Our Country Coalition, which involved a senior Trump campaign staffer and was aimed at recruiting "extremely pro-Trump" doctors to make television appearances calling for the reopening of the economy as quickly as possible.
https://www.foxnews.com/sports/oakland-athletics-missed-1-2m-rent-because-of-inability-to-generate-revenue-report|2 days ago|Oakland Athletics missed $1.2M rent because of inability to 'generate revenue': report|The have failed to pay $1.2 million in rent for the RingCentral Coliseum because of their inability to “generate revenue,” reports say. Interim head of Coliseum Authority Henry Gardner told the on Tuesday that the A’s revealed they had “no ability to pay” the annual rent, which was due April 1. “They said because they haven’t used it, they were not able to generate revenue and they have no ability to pay,” Garden told the outlet. He said while he understands that the unusual circumstances created by the coronavirus pandemic have impacted the organization's finances, not paying rent is simply not an option. “We recognize that we’ve all been upended in a number of ways … maybe there are some things we are willing to negotiate and waive, but we can’t just say no rent,” Garden said. According to a letter obtained by the East Bay Times, A’s general counsel D'Lorna Ellis cited a clause in the contract that relieves both parties of their respective obligation when there is an extraordinary event. In the letter dated March 31 -- just one day before rent was due -- Ellis stated that the organization would be deferring payment “until we have a better understanding of when the Coliseum will be available for our use.” The Athletics did not respond to the East Bay Times’ request for comment. Coliseum Authority board member Ignacio De La Fuente accused the A’s of taking advantage of the crisis, telling the outlet that it’s “not the city’s fault, not the county’s fault or the state’s fault,” that the coronavirus pandemic is happening. “It’s just an excuse to try to not pay when the city needs the money the most.”
https://www.foxnews.com/science/diabetes-medications-treat-covid-19-in-diabetes-patients-new-research-shows|2 days ago|Diabetes medications could treat COVID-19 in glucose patients, new research shows|Medications used to treat type-2 diabetes could be effective in stopping the spread of the in people with diabetes, a new study revealed. People with diabetes and other conditions such as hypertension are at a higher risk of infection and a much higher probability of complications from the virus, scientists found. The study, which has not yet been peer-reviewed, from researchers at the University of Waterloo, examined the three-dimensional structure of the COVID-19 protein and found that a specific class of diabetes medications could bind to the virus and stop it from replicating -- specifically, a "class of medications called dipeptidyl peptidase 4 inhibitors or DPP4 inhibitors," researchers said. The researchers' work shows that the medication could be effective in curing COVID-19 in diabetes patients. “Previous research has shown us the molecular structure of a COVID-19 protein, which is responsible for viral growth in the host cells” said Praveen Nekkar, a professor at Waterloo’s School of Pharmacy and lead researcher on the study, in a press . “My group decided to study this further by investigating the structure of the COVID-19 protein by using computational software to understand if existing drugs can bind to it and prevent replication of the virus in host cells," Nekkar said. Nekkar and his team are among many scientists looking into possibly repurposing existing drugs to attack COVID-19. “Discovering and developing a new medication can take 10 to 15 years and cost upwards of a billion dollars,” Nekkar said. “COVID-19 is wreaking havoc right now and we need good pharmacotherapy treatment options as soon as possible – that’s why we started investigating drug repurposing. “Our next steps are conducting further investigation in our lab and with collaborators. We want to test the DPP4 inhibitors in cell cultures infected with the COVID-19 virus and assess their efficacy. From there we will scale up to trials, and, eventually a treatment for the market," he added. Worldwide, infections from the new coronavirus stood at 4,952,882 and deaths stood at 325,712 as of Wednesday afternoon.
https://www.foxnews.com/us/blue-angels-honor-us-naval-academys-class-of-2020-with-special-flyover-see-the-video-america-together|2 days ago|Blue Angels honor US Naval Academy's class of 2020 with special flyover: See the video|The 's Blue Angel flight squadron performed a surprise flyover for the 2020 graduates of the U.S. Naval Academy in Annapolis on Wednesday, as cadets looked on from below and . Graduates were seated six feet apart from each other during the ceremony in accordance with social distancing measures, due to the novel . The restrictions did not dampen spirits, however, as the midshipmen threw their covers into the air at the exact same moment the planes passed overhead. This isn't the first sky-high salute the Blue Angels have handed out recently. The squadron with Air Force pilots last month to salute first responders and essential workers, who were continuing to perform their duties despite the dangers of the COVID-19 outbreak. The Air Force Thunderbirds and the Navy's Blue Angels carried out formation flights over New York City, Newark, N.J.; Trenton, N.J., and Philadelphia. The Blue Angels and Thunderbirds also flew over Washington, D.C. earlier this month, to honor healthcare workers near Sibley Memorial Hospital, Fox 5 . They then flew over Atlanta after covering the D.C. area Both flight teams from last month were flying in formation between 1,000 to 1,600 feet.
https://www.foxnews.com/us/colorado-man-no-mask-shoots-waffle-house-cook|2 days ago|Colorado man told to wear mask shoots Waffle House cook, police say|A was arrested Monday for allegedly shooting a Waffle House cook after being told he had to wear a protective face mask while inside the restaurant. Kelvin Watson, 27, was arrested Monday on a charge of attempted first-degree , . Employees of the Aurora Waffle House told investigators Watson came to the restaurant shortly after midnight Thursday, according to an arrest affidavit. They said a waitress told him he needed to wear a mask to be served. The restaurant was only offering carry-out service because of the . Watson allegedly returned with a mask that he was not wearing and was again told he could not be served. Witnesses said he put a small gun on the counter before telling the cook he could "blow your brains out," the affidavit said. The following night, just after midnight Friday, police said Watson returned and slapped the cook across the face when he was told again he was not going to be served. Watson is accused of shooting the cook in the chest or abdomen outside of the restaurant as the cook ran to get away. The cook was released from a hospital Friday afternoon. "We are deeply saddened and regret that this senseless act of violence occurred," Waffle House spokesperson Njeri Boss said. Aurora does not require masks or face coverings in public places like some other communities in metro Denver. Court records show Watson is represented by the Arapahoe County public defender's office, which did not immediately return Fox News’ message seeking comment. .
https://video.foxnews.com/v/6158065026001/|__clean_error__|__clean_error__|
https://www.foxnews.com/us/kentucky-store-no-face-masks-sign-invsetigation-coronavirus|2 days ago|Kentucky convenience store under investigation after posting 'no face masks allowed' sign, report says|A convenience store and gas station that posted a sign on its front door telling customers to take off their face masks inside or “go somewhere else” is under investigation, according to a report. Alvin’s, a business in Manchester, was called out on social media this week after in bold red and blue lettering a sign that read: "No Face Masks in store, lower your mask or go somewhere else. Stop listening to [Gov. Andy] Beshear. He is a dumba--." While the store has said the sign was meant as a joke, reported that it attracted the attention of the Cumberland Valley District Health Department. The department has reached out to the store and is sending an agent to check whether or not the sign is still posted. Some Facebook users called the person who posted the photo a “tattletale” and vowed to make a trip to Manchester just to shop at the store, while others complained about the sign. Alvin’s early Tuesday to clarify that the sign was meant as a joke and apologized. “We would never deny any customer access inside our store, that is wearing a mask or not wearing a mask. We are not telling you to not wear a mask, what we are saying is, its [sic] your choice to wear one or not, not our governments [sic] choice for us. While some got the meaning behind it, alot [sic] did not.” “We didnt [sic] mean to offend anyone, but we will not apologize for our beliefs in our freedom to make our own decisions, that our government wants to make for us. We strive to keep our customers safe, and our employees.” The store has previously posted images to its social media that , as well as masks it's selling . Beshear began reopening businesses on May 11 and asked all Kentucky residents to start wearing masks to protect against the spread of coronavirus. He said those who did not wear masks would not be arrested or cited. Kentucky reported at least 8,069 confirmed coronavirus cases and 366 deaths as of Tuesday, according to .
https://www.foxnews.com/health/boy-5-hospitalized-with-possible-coronavirus-linked-complication-in-children|2 days ago|Boy, 5, hospitalized with possible coronavirus-linked complication in children, mom claims|A British mom is speaking out after her son reportedly developed a rare condition that’s possibly associated with current or recent infections in children. Hannah Fields, of Leeds, told the news outlet South West News Service that her 5-year-old son, Harry, was hospitalized with a rare Kawasaki disease-like condition that doctors in the United Kingdom, the United States, and elsewhere suspect may be an unusual complication of the novel coronavirus striking mainly in children. In late April, the 26-year-old mom rushed her son to the hospital after he developed a high temperature and sore throat, and complained of having no appetite and a general lack of energy. The young boy also experienced stomach pains. Harry’s condition worsened less than a week after he was misdiagnosed with tonsillitis, Fields told the outlet. At the hospital, the 5-year-old tested negative for COVID-19 — but doctors suspected he “likely had the disease some weeks earlier,” according to SWNS. Doctors discovered that the boy’s heart rate was elevated— reportedly measuring 169 beats per minute (bpm), well above the normal rate of 90 to 110bpm. Further tests revealed inflammation in his heart, kidney, and bowels. Over the next few days, Harry was treated with steroids, antibiotics, and fluids, SWNS reported. He was released from the hospital earlier this month and has since been recovering at home. However, the 5-year-old still requires aspirin and regular heart scans. "What we went through was absolutely terrifying,” said Fields. "If Harry had been left untreated any longer, the outcome could have been very different. We were very lucky. "I just want to make more people aware of the dangers, as I don’t think they know enough about how this virus can affect children,” she added. Several children across the U.S. and abroad have developed the illness in recent weeks, with experts warning more cases of the Kawasaki disease-like inflammatory condition — dubbed "pediatric in children,” or MIS-C — are likely to emerge as the virus continues to spread. The syndrome has been said to affect children who test positive for a current or recent infection of SARS-CoV-2, the novel coronavirus that causes COVID-19. The increasing number of cases even prompted the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) last week regarding MIS-C. Cases of MIS-C began to make headlines after British health authorities said that some severely ill pediatric patients in the country — including some who were positive for the coronavirus — presented an “unusual clinical picture” that included inflammatory symptoms possibly linked to COVID-19. The U.K. Pediatric Intensive Care Society (PICS), citing an email alert from the National Health Service (NHS) in England, said in that health officials had reported, "a small rise in the number of cases of critically ill children presenting with an unusual clinical picture” at the time. More specifically, the news release said, it is a “multi-system inflammatory state” that may be connected to the novel virus. “The cases have in common overlapping features of toxic shock syndrome and atypical Kawasaki disease with blood parameters consistent with severe COVID-19 in children. Abdominal pain and gastrointestinal symptoms have been a common feature as has cardiac inflammation,” the NHS notice reads, according to PICS. MIS-C can also cause persistent fever, rashes, vomiting, and diarrhea, among other symptoms such as a red tongue and eyes. Dr. Jacqueline Szmuszkovicz, a pediatric cardiologist at Children’s Hospital Los Angeles, recently said that children who have a fever that lasts for four or more days should seek medical attention. “Certainly, if they see any of the other signs — the rash, the red tongue, red eyes — we encourage them to seek care,” she told .
https://www.foxnews.com/media/charles-payne-gavin-newsom-bailout-beyond-pale|2 days ago|Charles Payne slams California gov's bid for coronavirus bailout as 'beyond the pale'|Fox Business Network anchor Charles Payne told “ " Wednesday that California Gov. Gavin Newsom's request for federal money to help close the state's -induced budget deficit is "beyond the pale." “If you do take California, you’ve got Gavin Newsom coming up with a budget here recently and what it does is it slashes funding for schools, health spending, parks, childcare, and it is just beyond the pale [that] the governor is demanding $1 trillion from the federal government,” Payne said. The "Making Money" host noted that the federal government has provided plenty of help to California, pointing out that $700 million has been sent to boost San Francisco's transit system. By contrast, Seattle received $160 million and Portland, Ore. received $184 million. “The idea that taxpayers and other states should be paying for the profligate spending, these grandiose dreams, the sanctuary state status of California, it’s beyond the pale, it’s beyond entitlement and it’s just hard to believe that they are pushing for these kinds of things.” Meanwhile, Senator , R-Wyo. described the legislation passed by the House of Representatives last week as a “fantasyland bill” that helps more than American citizens. Barrasso told “ ” House Speaker D-Calif., is “actually making it easier for illegal immigrants to work in her $3 trillion bill, that fantasyland bill, than she is making it easier for the to get back on the job.” “Those are the perverse incentives that she’s included in this liberal wish list,” he continued. The relief package includes who work in jobs declared “essential," which Republicans are blasting as an attempt at “amnesty.” It also expands direct payment eligibility to undocumented immigrants who pay taxes, which Barrasso said he disagrees with "100 percent." The 1,815-page bill was drafted by Democrats alone and earned a veto threat from the and condemnation from the GOP as a “ ” that’s dead on arrival in the . Payne said that by pushing her bill through the House, Pelosi is slowing the process of putting together a coronavirus relief package that may have a chance of becoming law. “All she does is slow down what would inevitably be a tough process anyway to get the fourth phase of funding done," he said. "It is just not done in good faith."
https://www.foxnews.com/health/facebook-mark-zuckerberg-predicts-coronavirus-vaccine-wont-be-ready-2021|2 days ago|Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg predicts coronavirus vaccine won't be available until 2021|While many public officials view a vaccine, which some experts say could come as early as the end of this year, as the official endgame to this pandemic, Facebook’s , whose Chan Zuckerberg Initiative has put forth $25 million for COVID-19 research, predicts we may not see one until 2021. “I personally am not the expert in these areas, so I’m a little wary to weigh in myself,” Zuckerberg said “But from everything that I’ve heard from folks, I don’t think that we should expect a vaccine this year.” Zuckerberg cited the need to test a vaccine for both safety and efficacy before releasing it to the public as a reason for the wait. He also cited unknown risks that could delay the development. “And you have to keep in mind that you know, to date, the fastest that we’ve ever gone from really seeing a new virus and working on a vaccine to getting the vaccine is Ebola, which was four years, right, and that’s recent,” “So we’re talking here about, even if we’re ready by the end of H1 and 2021, that would be, you know, 18 months or a little less than 18 months, which would just be significantly faster than this has ever gone before.” His tune changed on the topic of therapeutics, wherein he said researchers can use already-approved FDA drugs to test for efficacy in treating COVID-19 infection rather than have to double-back and test for safety. “And there, you have the benefit, unlike the vaccine development, where you know that these drugs are safe, or at least the side effects are well-documented,” “So here, you’re just testing for effectiveness. And that’s where you’ve gotten things like Remdesivir, which it’s not that it’s a complete game-changer for treating this, but it’s a small step in the right direction and it gives some of these companies something that they can build on top of as a foundation.” Last week, President Trump announced a new public-private partnership to develop a COVID-19 vaccine as part of “Operation Warp Speed.” “It’s objective is to finish developing and then to manufacture and distribute a proven coronavirus vaccine…prior to the end of the year,” Trump said. “I think we’re going to have some very good results coming out very quickly.”
https://www.foxnews.com/politics/how-it-works-house-members-have-option-to-cast-ballots-remotely-amid-pandemic|2 days ago|How it works: House members have option to cast ballots remotely amid pandemic|Speaker formally authorized voting by proxy for on Wednesday during the coronavirus pandemic, after the House the rules last week. Here’s how it works: The remote voting begins Wednesday and lasts the next 45 days as designated by the speaker. The proxy voting system is optional and lawmakers are still free to cast their own votes if they prefer. The House is in session May 27 and 28 and members may vote remotely then, but Fox News is told to expect most members to vote in person for next week. A member who wishes to vote by proxy has to submit a signed letter from the Rules Committee’s template to the Clerk authorizing another member to vote on their behalf. The letter can be submitted by email, but the scanned letter must have an original signature. It must be submitted before the start of the vote. After the letter is emailed, a hard copy needs to be submitted to the Office of the Clerk. The choice of the proxy is up to the absent member, but a House member cannot serve as a proxy for more than 10 people. Each time a vote is scheduled, the member voting by proxy needs to submit an email or otherwise written instructions to the member they ask to vote for them, from official devices and accounts. They also have to confirm the instruction in a member-to-member phone call. Members are instructed to keep their phones close by in the case of an unscheduled vote, but the vote will be held open long enough to allow time for members to send voting instructions to their proxies. The rule change also allows for committee hearings, markups and depositions by videoconference. The voting by proxy instructions come after last week when the attending physician and sergeant-at-arms announced coronavirus guidelines for lawmakers who do return to Washington. Voting will take place in six groups of 72 members allowed in the House chamber at a time. During debate on legislation, only members who are scheduled to speak will be allowed onto the House floor. The Republican-controlled Senate has been in session for the last two weeks while the House has since March convened for a day at a time to pass coronavirus relief legislation, most recently last Friday.
https://www.foxnews.com/media/ithaca-mayor-warning-of-dire-consequences-if-colleges-dont-reopen-in-fall|2 days ago|Ithaca mayor warns of dire consequences if colleges don't reopen in the fall|Ithaca, , Mayor Svante Myrick said on Wednesday that the of university closings in his city – Cornell University and Ithaca College – is enormous and “cannot be overstated.” “Not just for our town but for college towns all across the country, which are economic engines for every state that we are in,” the Democratic mayor told “ .” Myrick said that Ithaca has the “strongest economy in New York.” “We have the lowest unemployment, the fastest-growing employment base, and that has been true for almost a decade now,” Myrick said. “Our bond rating was AA2, our finances were in the best shape they have been in decades, and here comes this [coronavirus] catastrophe,” Myrick said. Together, Cornell University and Ithaca College have more than 26,500 students that contribute to a massive portion of its economy. The city, meanwhile, has a population of about 31,000 people. Ithaca announced it would be reopening for students and in-person classes on Oct. 5 — a month later than normal. Both Ithaca and Cornell University closed their campuses to students in mid-March, to amid the COVID-19 public health crisis. Myrick, a Democrat who graduated from Cornell back in 2009, says the city is also facing a budget shortfall stemming from the crisis. Ithaca is part of the Southern Tier region of New York, which among other areas began its phased reopening from coronavirus-related shutdowns last Friday. While the economy will most likely be impacted further due to the virus and lack of activity on campus, having students back also raises questions regarding their health compared to the benefit of the city. Myrick said that the opening of Ithaca College is “great” and that there is hope that nearby Tompkins Cortland Community College and Cornell University open in the fall as well. “It’s not just bars and pizza places that people might think; it’s police officers, first responders, all of whom rely on tax revenues that are not coming in right now. It’s accountants, it’s lawyers, it’s everybody in our community and all over the country is going to suffer if we can’t find a way to safely reopen the economy, not just in a regional sense, but in an interconnected sense.” Myrick said that though mayors and state governors are trying their best, without a smart strong federal response “stitching” the economy back together will be a challenge. “We’d like to see a strong forceful smart plan for contact tracing and testing finally come from the [Trump administration.]” New York had 351,371 total coronavirus cases as of early Tuesday, more than any other state in the U.S.
https://www.foxnews.com/sports/former-nfl-great-chad-johnson-leaves-1000-tip-at-florida-restaurant-hope-this-helps|2 days ago|Former NFL great Chad Johnson leaves $1,000 tip at Florida restaurant: 'Hope this helps'|Former wide receiver Chad Johnson showed his appreciation in a big way for one restaurant as the state slowly begins to reopen businesses shut down because of the Johnson, 42, tweeted out a picture of his receipt from the recently reopened Havana's Cuban Cuisine in Cooper City on Monday where he left a $1,000 tip on a $37 tab. “Congrats on re-opening, sorry about the pandemic, hope this helps. I LOVE YOU,” Johnson wrote on the bill. The former NFL pro, who spent 10 seasons playing for the , captioned his post on social media “Proverbs 11:25,” which reads: “A generous person will prosper; whoever refreshes others will be refreshed.” The restaurant shared a photo of the receipt to and thanked Johnson for his “generosity” and “continued” support. “We would like to thank Chad “Ocho Cinco” Johnson for his continued patronage,” the post read. “We greatly appreciate your generosity to our employees now during these most difficult times. Many blessings to you and your family. Thank you again!” Johnson played for the Bengals from 2001-2010 where he was selected for six Pro Bowls and earned several franchise records. He was traded to the before playing three seasons in the Canadian Football League.
https://www.foxnews.com/us/wear-blue-run-to-remember-military-families-group-goes-virtual-this-memorial-day-amid-coronavirus|2 days ago|'Wear blue: run to remember' military families group goes 'virtual' this Memorial Day amid coronavirus|. This year’s will look a little different for the “ ” community amid the coronavirus pandemic, but that won’t stop them from running “for the fallen; for the fighting; for families.” The executive director and co-founder of Lisa Hallett, has taken the organization’s annual Memorial Day activities virtual in an effort to continue her organization’s mission, even through the COVID-19 crisis. “The unique circumstances of 2020 find us isolated from most facets of group life,” Hallett told Fox News. “Changes to the way we attend school, work and our place of worship have challenged most of us, but during this time, it has never been more important for us to meaningfully come together.” "The atypical circumstances of 2020 will not prevent us from achieving our mission on Memorial Day – to honor our nation’s fallen by learning their stories, speaking their names and honoring their legacies," the organization's website states. "We invite you, your families and friends to join us, virtually, in honoring our fallen service members and their families’ sacrifice." “wear blue” is a nonprofit running community honoring the service and sacrifice of the American military. The community “unites and supports military and their families, veterans, Gold Star families, and civilians through active remembrance and meaningful relationships.” The organization works to act as a support network, serve as a living memorial and bridge the gap between military and civilian communities. “wear blue is virtual for Memorial Day,” Hallett told Fox News. "We have intentionally partnered with Team Red White and Blue and other like minded organizations to build a robust, and united effort to honor the fallen and support the military during this time of separation.” Hallett told Fox News that “wear blue” and Team RWB are “calling on our nation to come together in shared steps outside of our back doors.” “Our goal is 50,000 runners committed to running or walking in honor of the fallen,” Hallett said, noting that the organization has also partnered with Amazon, VISA and more to make the event happen. “We recognize that now, more than ever, we are stronger together.” Hallett told Fox News that “Amazon and its 25,000 military veterans joined 'wear blue' in creating a virtual training program as part of a stay healthy-stay connected campaign that we developed together.” “Amazon employees have been sharing their weekly training and preparing to run a 5k this Memorial Day,” Hallett told Fox News. “We are excited to partner with them, and grateful for their generous support of our programming.” A spokesperson for Amazon confirmed to Fox News the company's involvement. Hallett added that VISA also had a military and veteran network and “is joining us in running this Memorial Day.” This Memorial Day, Hallett invited runners, walkers and supporters to download the “Motigo” app, which will feature messages from families of the fallen, and fellow service members, sharing stories about their loved ones and what Memorial Day means to them. Participation is at no cost, Hallett told Fox News, saying that runners, walkers and supporters “simply commit a meaningful number of miles to run or walk or move on Memorial Day.” “On Memorial Day, we ask that our community shares their honored hero with others on their social media channels, with the challenge, for the examples and motivation of these heroes to live in how we live,” Hallett said. Meanwhile, in 2017, “wear blue” launched a program dedicated to Gold Star children called the “wear blue Gold Star Youth Mentorship Program,” which pairs active duty military with children of fallen service members. This year, Gold Star children, with the support of the USAA Foundation, have been training virtually to run a Memorial Day 5K. “Each week, we join a Zoom call, and discuss training tips and setting and achieving smart goals,” Hallett told Fox News. “They are running for purposeful steps on Memorial Day in honor of their fallen parents.” Hallett explained that on Memorial Day, runners will be invited to join a “Zoom Circle of Remembrance,” and then will begin to walk or run in honor of their fallen hero. “I am proud of 'wear blue: run to remember' and Team RWB, as we join our communities in a nationwide effort to honor and remember our fallen military heroes on this Memorial Day,” Hallett told Fox News. “On Monday, May 25, we will speak the names and share the stories of the men and women who volunteered to serve their countries and gave the last full measure in doing so. And in this act, we are reminded of our potential and our call to rise.” “wear blue” originally was founded following the redeployment of 5-2 Stryker Brigade Combat Team, a unit that, while deployed to Afghanistan in support of Operation Enduring Freedom, sustained a significant amount of combat losses and casualties. During that deployment, a small group of 5-2 wives and battalion support staff met weekly to run, seeking to create a support network for one another. When the brigade returned, Hallett, and co-founder, Erin O’Connor, turned the small group into a nationwide vision. Hallett told that the program has had a very personal impact on her family. Her husband, Capt. John Hallett, was killed on Aug. 25, 2009, just three weeks after the birth of their third child, Heidi, and just six weeks after his deployment with 5th Stryker Brigade to Shah Wali Kot district in Kandahar. Capt. Hallett was killed when his unit encountered an improvised explosive device. “It’s been over 10 years since my husband Capt. John Hallett was killed in combat. Our three children are growing up … they are anxious to hear the stories of the young adult they are striving to become — stories of John that often feel too far away,” Hallett explained. “In military service, there is not always the space to tell the stories of our fallen friends and leaders,” she continued. “As community members, there are not always words strong enough to say thank you, or I am sorry for your loss. But on Memorial Day, our steps become the words and the stories.” Hallett added that as her children grow up “it’s bittersweet to see John on their faces and in their actions, as well as their own desires to know the man they barely met.” “I’m grateful for this day that we share with our country our pride,” she said. “And they share with us their strength and remembrance.” “When I look at the streets across America, and I witness a nation moving in red, white and blue, I know that you remember. I know that you care, and I know that John's legacy and the legacies of all our fallen endure in how we live,” Hallett said. “We must now, more than ever, hold steady to the charge to live a life worthy of such sacrifices.” o join this no-cost virtual walk or run in honor of our nation's fallen military, please visit .
https://www.foxnews.com/us/ohio-murder-convict-exoneration-sought-coronavirus-prison-death|2 days ago|Ohio man who sought exoneration over murder convictions dies of coronavirus in prison|. An prison inmate who for decades sought exoneration from his murder convictions contracted coronavirus in prison and died earlier this month at the age of 69. Carlos Ridley had spent nearly four decades incarcerated in the Buckeye State's Pickaway Correctional Institution after he was convicted in a spate of murders in the town of Lima. Ridley and his family have long maintained his innocence in the killings, which left three dead. Over the 39 years of his incarceration, Ridley beat colon and prostate cancer and had a hip and knee replaced. His health had been in decline in recent years, and he was wheelchair-bound when he was infected with the coronavirus -- which has spread throughout Ohio's prison system in recent weeks. Despite his ailing health and decades behind bars, Ridley and his family maintained hope. His daughter, LaTonya, said he never stopped fighting to get home to his grandchildren. “He lost his mother, his wife, his sisters,” Latonya told Fox News. “He lost his freedom, and he lost the chance to raise his daughters. ... He tried to fight to get home to us. He loved his grandkids, he loved them so much.” Ridley’s appeal had been delayed by a technicality. A judge in Ohio’s third district did not believe the court had the authority to submit DNA from Ridley’s case into the state’s database to see if it identified someone else and exonerated him. That holdup occurred despite the fact two other judges previously ruled DNA could be submitted. Donald Caster, who represents Ridley through the Ohio Innocence Project (OIP) and is a law professor at the University of Cincinnati, said he was preparing to present Ridley’s case, and the contradictions between the courts, to the Supreme Court of Ohio. He’s confident that the state’s highest court would’ve granted DNA testing in Ridley’s case, which may have exonerated his client. Caster said he's in the process of getting court permission to continue litigating Ridley's exoneration posthumously. “I came away with a firm impression that this was not a person that committed multiple murders,” Caster said. “… We were hopeful, even after we lost, we were hopeful that the Supreme Court would take that case and resolve it in Mr. Ridley’s favor.” If his case had been successful, Ridley would’ve joined a list of over 100 who have been exonerated in the state since 1989, according to the National Registry of Exonerations. “Unfortunately, I think that there are people in our government, and in all governments in the United States, who are convinced and want to convince us that prisoners are too scary to be compassionate towards,” Caster told Fox news. Caster said that if you’re a prisoner in Ohio, you’re 10 times more likely to die from COVID-19 than if you’re not, a percentage that’s only grown with the deaths in the system. The ODRC’s numbers bear out that math, though it’s impossible to project the number of dead in a system still grappling with controlling the virus. "Any loss of life is something the ODRC [Ohio Department of Rehabilitation and Correction] takes very seriously and our condolences go out to the families and loved ones of the incarcerated men who have died as a result of COVID-19," JoEllen Smith, an ODRC spokeswoman, told Fox News. She also said there is no change in policies or protocols regarding inmate treatment if that inmate is seeking exoneration for wrongful conviction and incarceration. Ridley is one of 66 who has died after contracting COVID-19 in an ODRC facility. At least three are staffers, and at least two inmates were in legal proceedings to try and prove their innocence and secure their exoneration. Over 4,500 have tested positive for the virus and more than 40,000 are in quarantine, according to ODRC statistics. “The story of Carlos Ridley illustrates how inadequate the state’s response to the COVID pandemic in Ohio’s prison system has been,” Piet van Lier, a researcher at Policy Matters Ohio, told Fox News. “Mr. Ridley’s family tells a story of an utterly confused response to his illness. “This is yet more proof that what we’ve been hearing from incarcerated people and prison staff about lack of appropriate medical care, PPE, and effective isolation is accurate. In short, the state’s response to the crisis in prisons has been a disaster that has now resulted in 65 deaths,” he continued. Across America, others are seeking a chance to prove their innocence with DNA. Jermane Scott is a 43-year-old Ohioan who said he’s been wrongfully incarcerated for 24 years. Scott’s case has been taken up by undergraduate students at Georgetown University involved in the Prison Reform Project course. The class, taught by government and law professor Marc Howard, focuses on investigating the cases of and advocating for the exoneration of inmates who they believe have been wrongfully convicted. Students in the course famously helped exonerate Valentino Dixon, a New York man whose story and artistic prowess drew national attention. Scott was sentenced to life without parole for aggravated murder and forgery in 1996 when he was 19 years old. He readily admits to using the credit card but has maintained his innocence for the murder he was convicted of. “The police had more valuable suspects than myself, but due to the credit card usage, I was deemed the killer,” Scott said in the forthcoming Georgetown student’s documentary project. “… There’s just no way humanly possible I committed this crime.” Scott said he never met the victim, a 55-year-old man, and that his guilt was predicated on the testimonies of two witnesses who were suspected of being involved in the murder. Howard said his case bears the hallmark pattern of poor police work and a lack of due diligence. “The common factor in so many wrongful convictions, and I now know the stories of hundreds of them, once they fixate on somebody there’s no going back. It’s just digging the heels in,” Howard said. “You see this pattern happening way too much. Almost every proven case of wrongful conviction has a pattern of misconduct." The shows a serious of crucial errors or omissions in the initial investigation that Howard believes would’ve shown Scott’s innocence. Scott said police never made contact with the woman who could corroborate his alibi for the night of the murder. Furthermore, police failed to test fingerprints found in the victim’s car and home against any suspect besides Scott. All the prints came back negative for Scott, according to the video. There were also inconsistencies between the official date of death, initially left blank on the autopsy, and when a neighbor said he last saw the victim alive. All of this, Howard said, puts Scott’s case in the rare territory of both being plausible and verifiable and providing a legal pathway to exoneration. Scott still doesn’t have legal representation, though he said he’s reached out to the Ohio Innocence Project. Howard believes the work of his students will do well to provide a strong baseline of investigation and elevate Scott’s case to the attention of the OIP or another firm who will work it pro bono. “I really feel strongly that he’s someone we should believe in,” Howard said. “… I would love for the Ohio Innocence Project to embrace that.” Advocates in Ohio said exposure to COVID-19 only added zeros to the magnitude of injustices faced by those wrongfully convicted and incarcerated in the state’s prison system. “The tragedy of Mr. Ridley is further compounded by the fact that he was in the process of trying to prove his innocence, and was being stopped yet again when he died,” van Lier said. “Careful consideration must be given now to anyone who is at low risk to re-offend or at high risk for contracting the disease. These cases just show why we have to understand that a prison sentence isn’t a death sentence.”
https://www.foxnews.com/politics/birx-touts-coronavirus-data-showing-decline-in-new-cases-hospitalizations|2 days ago|Birx touts coronavirus data showing decline in cases, hospitalizations|, the coordinator of the White House's coronavirus task force, is encouraged by the latest statistics of new cases -- which she said shows sharp declines in both deaths and hospitalizations in recent weeks. Birx said that while certain areas remain at a consistent level, much of the country is seeing significant drops. “We are encouraged in reviewing and triangulating clinical data, laboratory data and surveillance data from around the country. It shows that new hospitalizations have dropped by 50 percent in the last 30 days," Birx said Tuesday. "All hospitalizations and ICU hospitalizations are both dropping. Fatalities continue to decrease week over week." Birx also pointed to how numbers of cases are going down even as testing is increasing. She said that all states are now seeing less than 20 percent test positive. In New York, which has been hit harder than any other state, less than 10 percent test positive, down from more than 45 percent a month ago. “Week over week new cases continue to decline – despite significant increases in testing and more testing focused on contact tracing and proactively searching for asymptomatic cases," Birx said. Birx said she drew three takeaways from the latest data. First off, she said that major metropolitan areas "are starting to improve significantly," noting that as cities reopen they are expanding testing among vulnerable populations and increasing contact tracing. Second, Birx said it is "very reassuring" to see states following her task force's recommendations by finding cases, testing people, and contact tracing so that they can test additional people who may be asymptomatic, thus helping prevent the further spreading of COVID-19. The third takeaway Birx had was that "testing has been expanding at a rate that in several places the governors are saying they need more people to test." She said the Trump administration is helping governors provide testing in key populations such as nursing homes, prisons, group housing, and "in the most vulnerable and disadvantaged areas of the cities." Birx identified the metropolitan areas of Washington, Chicago, and Los Angeles as locations where the number of new cases have plateaued, and said the task force will be studying them to see which cases are part of community spread and which are from new outbreaks. "We study these three metros that are closed and have been closed to understand where precisely the new cases are coming from and how to prevent new infections," she said.
https://video.foxnews.com/v/6158056104001/|__clean_error__|__clean_error__|
https://www.foxnews.com/politics/cuomo-probe-into-nursing-home-coronavirus-deaths-ask-president-trump|2 days ago|Cuomo downplays calls for federal probe into nursing home coronavirus deaths: 'Ask President Trump'|New York Gov. on Wednesday brushed off calls for the Department of Justice to open an investigation into the massive number of deaths in the state’s nursing homes during the – claiming he was only following guidelines from the Trump administration and Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. While no formal probe has been announced, the speculation comes amid scrutiny of his March 25 directive that required nursing homes to take on new patients infected with COVID-19. The order stated that "[nursing homes] are prohibited from requiring a hospitalized resident who is determined medically stable to be tested for COVID-19 prior to admission or readmission." Nursing homes in New York – which has been the epicenter of the public health crisis – have been particularly devastated by the pandemic, with the death toll in the facilities topping more than 5,000 as of earlier this week. Cuomo recently issued a new directive stating that hospitals cannot send patients back to nursing homes in the state unless they test negative for the virus. require any newly admitted and readmitted resident with a COVID-19 case to be placed in a designated COVID-19 care unit, while those who have met the criteria to have recovered can return to a regular unit in the nursing home. New York – along with California and New Jersey – at the time had specific guidelines saying that nursing homes cannot refuse to take patients from hospitals solely because they have the coronavirus. When questioned about the deaths in nursing homes and a possible investigation into his role, Cuomo deflected the blame onto the Trump administration’s guidelines and suggested the calls for a probe are politically motivated. “This is a political season, I get it,” Cuomo said. “I’m not going to get into the political back-and-forth, but anyone who wants to ask why did the state do that with COVID patients in nursing homes, it’s because the state followed President Trump’s CDC guidance.” Cuomo added: “They should ask President Trump. I think that will stop the conversation.” The Democratic governor went on to argue that CDC guidance at the time said nursing homes could not discriminate against patients with COVID-19 because of fears of overcrowding of patients in local hospitals. “Remember hospital capacity?” Cuomo said. “If a person doesn’t need an urgent care bed in a hospital because they are not urgently ill … is the best use of a hospital bed to have somebody sit there for two weeks in a hospital bed when they don’t need the hospital bed. “A nursing home cannot accept a patient who they are not qualified to handle,” Cuomo added, noting that the homes needed to be able to quarantine a patient and have proper equipment and personal protective equipment to safely care for the person and prevent further infection. There have been widespread reports across the nation of a dearth of personal protective equipment in nursing homes as those were funneled almost exclusively to critical care facilities. While allowing patients to return, Cuomo in March did restrict outside visitors from entering nursing homes in the state and, more recently, ordered that all nursing home staff be tested for COVID-19 twice a week -- saying, "this rule is not optional — it’s mandatory." Rep. Elise Stefanik, R-N.Y., has been the leading voice calling for an investigation into the Democratic governor’s original March directive. "Today I joined my [New York GOP] colleagues in the House to call for a federal investigation of Cuomo's failed nursing home policies," Stefanik tweeted Friday. "NOW they admit they unethically changed the way they report nursing home deaths. An INEXCUSABLE tragedy for NY -- NEED ANSWERS." In taking aim at the Cuomo, Stefanik linked to a Daily Caller report published Friday that said New York is under-reporting the number of nursing home patients who died from the virus. Until April 28, New York reported coronavirus deaths for all nursing home and adult-care facility residents. But then around May 3, the state changed how it reported statistics about nursing home deaths to exclude residents who died in a hospital. Only nursing home residents who died at their facility would be counted. On Wednesday, when asked about the claims of underreporting deaths in nursing homes, Cuomo had a blunt answer: “No numbers were changed.”
https://video.foxnews.com/v/6158070843001/|__clean_error__|__clean_error__|
https://www.foxnews.com/lifestyle/dad-drives-1000-miles-surprise-daughter-chick-fil-a-birthday|2 days ago|Texas dad drives more than 1,000 miles to surprise daughter with Chick-fil-A for 19th birthday|Just to be the who drives 1,000 miles, to stop at the door. A Texas dad recently drove 1,152 miles roundtrip to give his daughter a surprise. Julio Cesar Segura, 53, got on the road at 4:15 a.m., South West News Service reported, to start the eight-and-a-half-hour drive from El Paso to Austin to visit his daughter, Diana Segura Lerma, for her 19th birthday. The dedicated dad spent 17 hours in the car, roundtrip, only to spend 30 minutes with Diana and drop off her favorite sandwich — a chicken fillet sandwich with pepper jack cheese, buffalo sauce and mayonnaise from . It's part of a lunch tradition Julio and Diana share each year on her birthday. However, this year was extra special, as Julio surprised his unsuspecting daughter. “He told me that since he couldn’t do much, he wanted to know what I’d like for lunch and he would send an Uber Eats order,” Diana told SWNS. “He brings me that sandwich for lunch on my birthday every year — so far he hasn’t missed a year.” Though instead of a delivery driver, Diana opened her door to see her dad holding a Chick-fil-A bag, along with balloons and posters wishing her a “happy birthday." "I decided to go the day before. I love her and I wanted to make sure she had a good birthday,” Julio told the outlet. Diana was shocked when she saw her dad. “I was so excited. I haven't seen him in months, since winter break. I didn’t think that I would see him again until August,” she said. “He has always been someone who loves gestures, but I never imagined he would do this in a pandemic.” As excited as she was, Diana did admit that she was upset she “wasn’t even able to give him a hug.” “When you see a loved one and they come so far to see you, it’s your instinct to hug them,” she said. Julio was nevertheless pleased with how the surprise went. "I was the driving the whole day but I was so happy on the way back,” he said. "She deserved a good birthday." Concerned about coronavirus, Julio did not go into Diana’s apartment, and instead the two ate their meals six feet apart. outside.
https://www.foxnews.com/auto/how-to-watch-nascars-toyota-500-at-darlington-raceway|2 days ago|How to watch NASCAR's Toyota 500 at Darlington Raceway|The second Cup Series race since the on May 17 after a 10-week suspension caused by the coronavirus pandemic will take place at South Carolina's Darlington Raceway on Wednesday, May 20. It will be the 117th Cup Series race hosted by "The Track Too Tough to Tame." Here's what you need to know about this unusual mid-week : Viewers can tune in to FS1 at 6:00 pm EDT to catch the action. There also will be radio coverage from MRN and SiriusXM NASCAR Radio. Darlington Raceway is 1.366 miles long and the 228-lap race covers 310.6 miles, or 500 kilometers. Ryan Preece will start on the pole, but not because he has the fastest car. In an effort to simplify the situation for everyone involved given the challenges posed by the pandemic, there is no practice or qualifying for the race, so the first 20 spots on the starting lineup were chosen by inverting the top 20 finishers from The Real Heroes 400 at Darlington on Sunday, May 17. Preece came in 20th in that race, while winner Kevin Harvick will start the Toyota 500 in 20th position. The rest of the field will start the Toyota 500 in the same order they finished in Sunday's race. The race is being held without spectators and coronavirus prevention protocols will be in effect for teams, staff and media. Recording star Jewel will sing the national anthem and celebrity chef Guy Fieri will give the "start your engines" command as grand marshal in videos recorded at their homes.
https://www.foxnews.com/entertainment/john-travolta-flies-private-plane|2 days ago|John Travolta takes to the sky in private plane during coronavirus quarantine|Being under quarantine because of the pandemic hasn't stopped from getting out of the house and into the sky. The actor, 66, who is also a licensed pilot since he was 22 years old, posted a video on Tuesday from the cockpit of one of his planes. "It’s always exciting to get back in here again!" Travolta said in the caption as he turned the camera to the blue sky outside the window. Travolta owns a few planes, including a Boeing 707-138 that he keeps at his Florida home. His wife, actress Kelly Preston, told in 2018 that she loves being flown around by her husband. "John and I travel all the time," she said. "He’s had his license for almost 30 years." "At our house in Ocala, northern Florida, we have the planes parked out front because we have a runway attached. I never get nervous when John’s piloting because he’s calm in any situation and can handle the pressure. He’s flown us all over the world — Russia, South Africa, Australia, Tahiti, the UK, the US and the Far East," she added. Back in November 2019, Travolta posted a photo of his 8-year-old son Benjamin in the cockpit of a plane. "My son Ben is taking my place! His first A380 @qantas flight," the "Grease" star captioned the photo. Travolta became a Qantas Ambassador in June 2002, according to the . "Upon commencing our Spirit of Friendship Tour, John was presented with his 747-400 'wings', having undergone extensive training with Qantas in Sydney and Boeing in Seattle," Qantas said.
https://www.foxnews.com/travel/royal-caribbean-cancels-most-cruises-august-1|2 days ago|Royal Caribbean cancels nearly all cruises until August 1|Royal Caribbean Ltd. has once again extended the suspension of its sailings in response to the ongoing health crisis, and is now aiming for a return-to-service date of August 1. “Given ongoing global public health circumstances, Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. has decided to extend the suspension of most sailings through July 31, 2020, with the exception of sailings from China, which will be suspended through the end of June,” the cruise line wrote in a issued Wednesday. “We are working with our guests and travel partners to address this disruption to their vacations, and we are genuinely sorry for their inconvenience.” Royal Caribbean had previously been aiming for a return-to-service date of June 12. News of the extended suspension comes after Royal Caribbean announced earlier on Wednesday that the company had been forced to cancel two planned sailings for June on the , as both were still assisting with the repatriation of Royal Caribbean cruise workers. The cancellations extend to all of Royal Caribbean Cruise Ltd.’s subsidiaries, including Celebrity Cruises and Azamara Club Cruises. Royal Caribbean had initially suspended all sailings in response to the coronavirus outbreak on March 14, before voluntarily extending the suspension on March 24, with the intention of resuming service on May 12. In mid-April, Royal Caribbean once again extended its suspensions , before ultimately extending suspensions on Wednesday through July 31. “While we all wish we were cruising, health and safety are our top priorities as we focus on our comeback,” the cruise line wrote in a statement shared to its website. Affected guests on any of the latest batch of canceled sailings are also being extended a 125-percent credit toward a future cruise booked before the end of 2021. More information about canceled itineraries can be found on .
https://www.foxnews.com/world/somalia-female-genital-mutilation-coronavirus-lockdown-africa|2 days ago|Somalia sees 'massive' uptick in female genital mutilation during coronavirus lockdown|has witnessed a “massive” rise in (FGM) as girls are kept home from school due to lockdown restrictions during the pandemic, a report said Monday. The charity Plan International, which advocates for children’s rights and equal opportunities for girls, said so-called circumcisers are going door to door offering to cut girls unable to venture outside. The lockdown, which coincided with the Muslim month of Ramadan, when the ritual is traditionally performed, has undermined efforts to eradicate the practice in Somalia. About 98 percent of women and girls there already have undergone FGM, the highest rate in the world, the charity said. "We've seen a massive increase in recent weeks," Sadia Allin, Plan International's head of mission in Somalia, told the . "We want the government to ensure FGM is included in all COVID responses." FGM includes many different rituals and usually varies by ethnic group. The most severe form, called infibulation – the practice of excising the clitoris and labia of a girl or woman and stitching together the edges of the vulva to prevent sexual intercourse – is carried out mostly in the northeastern region of Africa in Djibouti, Eritrea, Ethiopia, Somalia and Sudan. Somali parents have taken advantage of school closures amid the pandemic, asking nurses to perform FGM on their daughters now when they have time to stay home to recover. Allin, who herself has been cut and has two daughters, ages 5 and 9, said circumcisers have been more aggressive in promoting their business amid the economic downturn caused by the pandemic. "The cutters have been knocking on doors, including mine, asking if there are young girls they can cut. I was so shocked," Allin said. “FGM is one of the most extreme manifestations of violence against girls and women. It's a lifetime torture for girls. The pain continues until the girl goes to the grave. It impacts her education, ambition ... everything.” The predicts about 290,000 girls in Somalia will be subjected to FGM in the year 2020. Advocacy efforts to raise awareness about the dangers of the practice in local communities have been stifled by the lockdown. UNFPA Somalia representative Anders Thomsen said global efforts to eradicate the practice also have been sidelined to focus on the coronavirus crisis, meaning an additional 2 million girls worldwide could be cut in the next decade. Thomsen said that although Somalia is “ground zero for FGM,” he sees some glimmers of hope that the practice will die down due to influence from neighboring Sudan, where the practice recently was criminalized. Data also suggest Somalia families have switched from infibulation to less severe forms of the ritual. The roughly 200 million women and girls alive today have undergone some form of female genital mutilation. The practice has been documented in more than 30 countries mostly in Africa, as well as in the Middle East and Asia.
https://www.foxnews.com/health/cdc-now-says-coronavirus-does-not-spread-easily-via-contaminated-surfaces|2 days ago|CDC now says coronavirus 'does not spread easily' via contaminated surfaces|For those of you still wiping down groceries and other packages amid the ongoing pandemic, breathe a sigh of relief: The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) now says the novel virus “does not spread easily” from "touching surfaces or objects" — but experts warn that doesn’t mean it’s no longer necessary to take "practical and realistic" precautions in stopping the spread of COVID-19. Although when the change was made is not currently clear, the federal health agency appears to have subtly shifted its guidelines from March which simply said it “may be possible” to spread the virus from contaminated surfaces. "It may be possible that a person can get COVID-19 by touching a surface or object that has the virus on it and then touching their own mouth, nose, or possibly their eyes," the CDC said on a from March 28. At the time, however, the CDC did note that this possible method of transmission "is not thought to be the main way the virus spreads." Even so, the CDC now includes "surfaces or objects" under a section that details ways in which the coronavirus Other ways in which the virus does not easily spread is from animals to people, or from people to animals, the federal agency “COVID-19 is a new disease and we are still learning about how it spreads. It may be possible for COVID-19 to spread in other ways, but these are not thought to be the main ways the virus spreads,” according to the CDC. The CDC did, however, remind citizens that the virus does mainly spread person-to-person, noting the virus that causes a COVID-19 infection, SARS-CoV-2, "is spreading very easily and sustainably between people.” More specifically, the agency said the virus primarily spreads from person-to-person in the following ways: The change comes after a preliminary study from March suggested that the novel coronavirus can remain in the air for up to three hours, and , prompting many to take to wiping down packages and other items. However, at the time, the study was yet not peer-reviewed, and, , did not determine if people could be infected from touching certain surfaces analyzed. Dr. John Whyte, the chief medical officer for the healthcare website WebMD, called the CDC’s changes an “important step in clarifying how the virus is spread, especially as we gain new information.” “It also may help reduce anxiety and stress. Many people were concerned that by simply touching an object they may get coronavirus and that’s simply not the case. Even when a virus may stay on a surface, it doesn’t mean that it’s actually infectious,” Whyte told Fox News in an email. “I think this new guideline helps people understand more about what does and doesn’t increase risk. It doesn’t mean we stop washing hands and disinfecting surfaces. But it does allow us to be practical and realistic as we try to return to a sense of normalcy,” he added. Dr. William Schaffner, the medical director of the National Foundation for Infectious Diseases (NFID) and professor at the Vanderbilt University School of Medicine, echoed Whyte. “The virus that causes COVID-19 is thought to spread mainly through close contact from person-to-person (within about 6 feet). Person-to-person contact is a highway. Touching infected surfaces are little paths, but they don’t carry the big viral traffic,” he told Fox News in an email. “To reduce the spread of COVID-19, the safest thing is to continue social distancing, wear masks, and wash hands frequently and thoroughly.” Indeed, the CDC on its updated page reiterated important steps to take to prevent exposure to the virus. Maintaining a “good social distance," (keeping 6 feet away from others while in public), as well as washing hands often and “routinely” cleaning and disinfecting high-touch surfaces were listed as key precautions. The news comes after The Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in mid-April issued a statement saying that there’s after you’ve returned home from the grocery store. “We want to reassure consumers that there is currently no evidence of human or animal food or food packaging being associated with transmission of the coronavirus that causes COVID-19,” the FDA said at the time. A spokesperson for the CDC did not immediately return Fox News's request for comment on Wednesday.
https://www.foxnews.com/opinion/coronavirus-restart-help-workers-families-andy-puzder|2 days ago|Andy Puzder: Coronavirus restart – here's the most compassionate thing to do for workers, their families|Testifying before the Senate Health, Labor and Pensions Committee on Tuesday, Dr. Anthony Fauci warned of the potential for "really serious" consequences from renewed outbreaks should states reopen prematurely. But, Fauci’s warning applies equally well to the “really serious” consequences of opening too late. Of course, Fauci is an immunologist focused on the , not a businessperson or an economist. While it’s important to heed the advice of medical experts, it’s a mistake to ignore the economic costs of their recommendations in terms of both human suffering and death. As stated by President Trump, we can’t let the COVID-19 “cure be worse than the problem itself.” The severe physical and emotional impact of on American workers lends credence to the president’s concern. A recent Federal Reserve Bank survey found that almost 40 percent of people in households making less than $40,000 a year who had jobs in February, lost their jobs in March. Commenting on the survey, Fed Chairman Jerome Powell observed that “[t]his reversal of economic fortune has caused a level of pain that is hard to capture in words, as lives are upended amid great uncertainty about the future.” He makes an important point. I still recall being a 25-year-old in 1975 supporting a wife and two children, finishing college, and preparing to enter law school. The economic and emotional pressures were intense, alleviated only by the fact that I had a job, could feed my family, and pay our rent and utilities while looking forward to a better life. A sudden government shutdown that resulted in me losing my job and having to face the prospect of being unable to feed or house my young family, let alone complete my education, would have been devastating. It’s hard to even imagine sitting home day after day for weeks – maybe months – with those I loved, able to work but prohibited from doing so, our only source of income a government check. I certainly would have appreciated that check, but government largesse is a meager substitute for the dignity of a job, the security of a paycheck and the opportunity to succeed. If I lived in a state that insisted on remaining shut down, knowing that the risks for a healthy 25-year-old from the virus were very low (a death rate of roughly 0.03 percent for people in their 20s), I would have joined the protesters fighting for the right to resume their lives. If the governor of my state nonetheless persisted in keeping the economy on lockdown, the associated frustration, despair and misery would have taken a severe physical and emotional toll. As such, I was not at all surprised to learn that a recent study entitled “Projected Deaths of Despair From COVID-19” by the Well Being Trust and the Robert Graham Center for Policy Studies in Family Medicine and Primary Care, predicted that a massive number of Americans could die due to the shutdown “if we do not do something immediately.” Labeling deaths of despair from drugs, alcohol and suicide an “epidemic within the pandemic,” the researchers estimated total deaths ranging around 27,644 (assuming a quick recovery, with unemployment having the smallest impact) to 154,037 (assuming a slow recovery and unemployment having the greatest impact). The Deaths of Despair study’s number one suggestion for avoiding these deaths: “Get People Working.” This is not to say that the government shutdown was the wrong decision. The government’s goal was to find a way to deal with the disease so as to avoid overwhelming our health system as had occurred in Italy and Spain. It appears to have succeeded. Even in the places hardest hit by this disease, we have avoided that potential catastrophe. We always knew the shutdown was a tradeoff between economic damage and slowing the spread of the disease. In this respect, the shutdown initially made sense. Reopening the economy will similarly be a tradeoff that makes sense. The economic and humanitarian costs of the shutdown are growing and could easily spiral out of control while the public-health risks appear to be diminishing. Rather than dead bodies piling up like cordwood as predicted when it reopened, Georgia announced Tuesday that it had the lowest number of COVID-19 positive patients hospitalized since hospitals started reporting data on April 8, with a 34 percent decrease from 1,500 patients hospitalized on May 1 to 986 on May 18. Our lives have changed. The need to wear masks, avoid crowds, keep our distance, wash our hands and keep them off surfaces will continue until there is a vaccine or an effective therapeutic, as will the need for vulnerable people to self-isolate. But, the time has come for those who are not high risk to work, socialize and circulate. We need the economy to begin breathing again to avoid the suffering and potentially irreparable consequences of a continued shutdown. At this point, the most compassionate thing we can do for American workers and their families is to restart the economy.
https://www.foxnews.com/health/coronavirus-everything-you-need-to-know|March 13|Coronavirus: What you need to know|As continues to spread across the country and the globe, there is important information you should know about the disease, what you can do to mitigate its impact, and how you can keep yourself and others safe. ? Many symptoms of COVID-19 and influenza overlap, here's how to spot the differences. Could diarrhea and other gastrointestinal issues be the first signs of coronavirus? The loss of the ability to smell or taste could be a sign that an individual has coronavirus, according to a recent report. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) has added six new symptoms to those reported to be associated with coronavirus. There are steps you should take to protect yourself and others before heading to the doctor or emergency room that will also help protect the nation’s health care systems. The severity of the novel can differ from person to person. ? According to the CDC, coronaviruses are common in camels, cattle, cats and bats. Person-to-person transmissions are thought to occur when an infected person coughs or sneezes, similar to how influenza and other respiratory pathogens spread. to the White House, a panel of experts said that while available research has indicated that the may enter the air via bioaerosols generated when an infected person breathes, it is too early to say whether the illness may be transmitted in this manner. ? Surgeon General Jerome Adams said, “There is no evidence right now that the coronavirus can be spread through mail.” Scientists are still learning a great deal about COVID-19 and how it spreads, but they have learned it can be transmitted via "aerosolized feces," although it has not been proven to be high enough concentrations to cause an infection. A dip in a crisp pool is all one needs to cool off on a hot day. But can coronavirus spread in pool water? While experts agree the great outdoors reduces the risk of virus transmission as compared to confined areas with stagnant air, they also say there is still a theoretical risk. Contact lens wearers are being advised to switch to glasses amid the coronavirus outbreak as doing so may lessen the urge to touch your eyes. People with blood type A might be more vulnerable to the , while those with type O blood could be more resistant, according to a study from . ? You can protect yourself from coronaviruses by following basic wellness If you are thinking of making your own hand sanitizer at home, be very careful since there are many recipes available online that can put you in harm’s way. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention says that the novel virus “does not spread easily” from touching contaminated surfaces or objects, but that doesn't mean you should stop your sanitization routine. ? There are a few general rules to follow when it comes to washing your hands thoroughly, including for how long you should keep them under running water. We know to practice safe social distancing and to protect ourselves and our loved ones during the — but how about our clothes? Should the general public wear masks during the coronavirus epidemic? In a 45-second video, U.S. Surgeon General Dr. Jerome Adams shows Americans how to make a facial covering using an old T-shirt and two rubber bands. When making a do-it-yourself mask, what materials should you use if you have sensitive skin? What should you do if your skin becomes irritated from long-term use? The CDC is recommending masks “should be routinely washed depending on the frequency of use.” The guidance recommended: “A washing machine should suffice in properly washing a face covering.” If you are a glasses wearer, you may have noticed that wearing a face mask can cause your lenses to fog. The eyes are a key point of infection for the novel coronavirus, a team of Hong Kong researchers said, detailing how the disease has higher rates of transmissibility through the eyes and airways when compared to H5N1, or the bird flu, and severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS). Keeping your hands off your face is easier said than done: One study found that people touch their faces some 23 times an hour on average. As the majority of Americans are under some type of stay-at-home order to help slow the spread of the coronavirus, you may be wondering if it’s safe to have sex in the age of social distancing. Staying informed about the safest ways to shop can help relieve at least some of the anxiety associated with your next supermarket visit. As the coronavirus outbreak continues to spread in the United States, many restaurants and fast food locations have closed dining rooms, and are only offering takeout or delivery options. ? Young people, senior citizens and those with immune deficiencies could have an acute reaction if exposed to the virus. One pediatrician said childrens' frequent exposure to seasonal illnesses could actually be protecting them from COVID-19. ? The CDC said that while risk to the American public remains low at this time, pregnant women should continue to engage in usual preventative actions to avoid infection, such as washing hands often and avoiding contact with people who are sick. Dr. Manny Alvarez shares his advice on extra precautions you can take if you’re pregnant during the COVID-19 outbreak. Several hospitals have moved to ban visitors or birthing partners from hospitals due to the coronavirus outbreak. There are steps you can take to help relieve anxiety. When it comes to venturing out in public, Dr. Dane Snyder, a section chief in the division of primary care pediatrics at Nationwide Children’s Hospital, said that parents should stay home with the newborn unless "absolutely necessary." It’s well known that other respiratory conditions, such as the common cold or flu, can trigger asthma symptoms, possibly leading to an asthma attack, according to the Asthma and Allergy Foundation of America. But Is the same true for the novel coronavirus? Social distancing, hand-washing and avoiding those who are sick are among the top pieces of advice given to the general public, but for the immunocompromised, there are additional steps they can take. ? Before being tested for the deadly virus, patients must first answer a series of questions. ? Fox News received an in-depth look at the new disease from Dr. Debra Chew, a former epidemic intelligence officer for the CDC and an assistant professor of medicine at Rutgers New Jersey Medical School. ? Health agencies recommend patients receive supportive care to relieve coronavirus symptoms. New vaccines typically take years to earn approval — can we really expect a coronavirus vaccine to be ready by summer 2021? Chloroquine and a similar drug, hydroxychloroquine, have shown encouraging signs in small, early tests against the coronavirus, but they have yet to be studied during a controlled clinical trial. Several medications are being investigated, but that doesn't mean you should run out and buy them unprescribed, or try to recreate them in your home. Doing so could have dire consequences. Former CDC Chief Medical Officer Dr. Robert Amler told Fox News that a pneumonia shot will not be effective in staving off pneumonia caused by coronavirus. ? Even if the patient does test positive, it can be considered safe to continue supporting them with some extra precautions. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention recommends that if anyone in your house has tested positive, everyone in the house should self-quarantine for a minimum of 14 days or longer until the patient has no more symptoms and tests negative. A negative test doesn't always mean the patient is free of the virus. While the veterinary community is still dealing largely with unknowns amid the novel pandemic, most of what they do know might come as a relief to pet owners. It’s important to remember that children take cues from the adults that surround them, so how you address the virus at home may reflect in their behavior. A sudden change in routine and lack of human interaction has had a negative impact on some people’s . With the outbreak of the novel (COVID-19), many people have been forced to work from home and are choosing to keep their social interactions to a minimum. Here are some tips on how to stay sane in the time of coronavirus. As suggests the possibility that the novel coronavirus may have the potential to become airborne, some are questioning whether going for walks or runs outside amid the pandemic can still be considered safe. As more and more people across the U.S. are for the time being, some may be asking if it's safe to get food to their house. can have added temptations – yes, we’re looking at you, . And also you, pantry, with three different types of . With more and more restaurants closing their dining rooms amid the coronavirus pandemic, many people are going to have to rely on cooking their own meals. Parents have taken to social media to share their as they attempt to educate their kids after thousands of schools shut down amid concerns. Parents are now being faced with extra pressure of having to care for and entertain their children, while also putting in a productive day of work. There's no place like home… unless it's mom and dad's house. Just because the gyms are closed, doesn't mean you still can't get fit in time for summer. Going from simply living together to spending every waking moment together can be taxing on a relationship. In times of uncertainty, pulling together to help is crucial to the health, well-being and stability of our local communities. ? Coronaviruses are a family of viruses named after their appearance, a crown, said Dr. Mark Rupp, an infectious disease expert at the University of Nebraska Medical Center. COVID-19 is not the same as other coronaviruses that commonly circulate among humans and cause mild illness, like the common cold. Some cause illness in people, and others, such as canine and feline coronaviruses, only infect animals. Rarely, animal coronaviruses that infect animals have emerged to infect people and can spread between people, which is suspected to have occurred for the virus that causes COVID-19. ? The World Health Organization's China office says it began receiving reports in late December of a mysterious virus behind a number of pneumonia cases in Wuhan, a city in eastern China with a population of roughly 11 million people. ? SARS and MERS came from animals, and this newest virus almost certainly did, too.
https://www.foxnews.com/world/sailor-canada-new-zealand-wave-coronavirus-new-zealand-communication-severed-ocean|2 days ago|Sailor has boat hit by waves, loses communication only to land in New Zealand and find out about coronavirus|This sailor from stepped off his boat and found a completely different world. Bill Noorie, a 67-year-old retiree from Calgary, arrived in Christchurch, , last week only to discover that life across the globe had been upended by the . “My wife said, ‘The jargon is 'rounding of the curve,' so now we're 6 feet away [due to social distancing],” he told New Zealand broadcaster TVNZ on Friday. “So it's a little strange to me.” Noorie set out in September from Vancouver Island, planning to sail the Southern Ocean underneath the world's five most southern capes, with the last being the South Cape on the south coast of New Zealand. But during his seafaring journey, the 67-year-old hit a series of with high waves that damaged his boat, . He had to sail to South Africa in February to make repairs, but could receive only limited communication from his wife in emails or text messages as the world began to lock down. The April 25 storm tipped his boat and destroyed electrical equipment on board, leaving him able to send only a few words using a tracking app. The 67-year-old continued to sail on and finally arrived in Christchurch on Friday, where he said he was surprised to hear harbor officials ask where he would be self-isolating for the next two weeks. “Initially they said, ‘You can’t come here,’ so I was like, ‘Where am I gonna go, right,’” he told . “I was the most isolated person on the planet, they didn’t want to let me in. It was too funny!” The local harbormaster told the broadcaster that officials let him go without the usual quarantine period after hearing of his voyage. “He’s been at sea for three months, by himself, socially distancing, washing his hands, doing all the right things,” Jim Dilley told TVNZ. “We do have such a good network and a very good health system here, so we can afford that, in an individual case.” Norrie told CBC News that officials looked up his tracker, and after realizing what he had been through, welcomed him with beer, biscuits and baked goods. He's now a local celebrity in Christchurch. "I'm a spoiled, fortunate man," Norrie told the Canadian news organization. "I'm almost hoarse from telling my story … I can't walk down Main Street, people stopping me, wanting to take a picture with me. I go to a restaurant, there's a crowd around me." He plans to soon be back on the water to finish his trip to Canada, but in much tamer seas to get himself home. New Zealand imposed one of the world’s strictest lockdowns in an effort to curb the spread of COVID-19 – along the way earning praise for its success in doing just that. The South Pacific island nation has recorded 1,503 positive coronavirus cases and 21 deaths. More than 1,400 of the patients who tested positive have since recovered. Last week, it slowly started reopening parts of its economy, allowing to open their doors for the first time in two months.
https://www.foxnews.com/media/coronavirus-restaurant-owner-media-backlash|2 days ago|Restaurant owner tells Tomi Lahren of negative media backlash after he legally reopened|Dallas owner Kyle Noonan told that he received overblown, negative backlash after he legally his business. "What was fascinating to me was our guests, our consumers, our communities – we got almost zero pushback," said Noonan in an eye-opening new episode of "The only place we got pushback is really two entities – one was the kind of Twitter mob that really, frankly, isn't our guest anyway and then the other entity was the media." On May 1, Texas Gov. announced that select businesses in certain counties were allowed to open their doors again. Restaurants were permitted to reopen at just 25 percent capacity and on Friday that limit will be raised to 50 percent. Noonan said that when he learned that restaurants were allowed to start serving customers again, he was more concerned with the public reaction than anything else. "The restaurant industry has worked with local, state and federal health agencies for decades on running clean, safe sanitary environments for not only the staff, but also the guests," he told Lahren. "My real concern," he continued, "was the pushback that we might get when we opened that 25 percent, which we were allowed to do." "We had a lot of reporters come out and try and skew stories negatively toward the restaurant industry," he claimed, saying that the coverage ignored that, "business owners... were just trying to survive and thrive during this pandemic and feed their families and employ their teams." "The media was kind of pushing back on us. That became a really disheartening unintended result of this," he said. Laura Rea Dickey, CEO of Dickey's Barbecue Restaurants Inc., who joined Noonan on "No Interruption," echoed that sentiment. "I... worried about the media more than anything, coming in with a perspective as opposed to just come in and see what's happening," she said. "It's a really wonderful thing to have folks back in the dining room, to be able to add hours back to our pit crews, because it absolutely is the difference in existing and living." Finally, Noonan and Dickey said that their biggest concern moving forward is whether the pace of the reopening of the country will be too slow to help struggling businesses. "Movie theaters closing is a bad thing for restaurants because there is that thing called dinner and a movie," said Noonan. "We want movie theaters open and we want parks open. But we want malls open. We want travel, because it's all interlinked. And so the quicker we can do that as a country, the better off we all are. And so that's my biggest fear, is that it takes too long." To watch all of and hear more stories from business owners struggling to cope with an unprecedented time, go to
https://www.foxnews.com/world/china-coronavirus-information-war-against-us|2 days ago|Coronavirus information war: China's propaganda machine launched new Twitter accounts, publishes 90,000 messages|is ramping up its propaganda war against the U.S. by using a growing number of Twitter accounts to push out tens of thousands of inflammatory messages, a report says. Since the beginning of April, 200 of the communist country’s diplomatic and state-run media accounts have published around 90,000 tweets as part of an offensive – with many recently spreading a conspiracy theory that the deadly virus originated in a U.S. lab, not China -- the Alliance for Securing Democracy advocacy group told . "The primary goal of this rhetoric is to demonstrate to Chinese domestic constituencies that the Communist Party is not lying prostrate before American accusations," added Robert Daly, the director of the Kissinger Institute on China and the United States at the Wilson Center, a Washington, D.C.-based think tank. One of the accounts on Tuesday posted a bizarre video calling U.S. Secretary of State Mike Pompeo’s character into question. The clip, called "Pompeo Credibility Test," was shared by the China Global Television Network. In the footage – which is made to look like a video game – a cartoon Pompeo is heard saying “there’s enormous evidence that the virus came from a laboratory in Wuhan.” He then is told a message claiming otherwise and loses the last bit of his health, before the game asks him to say something true in order to be revived. The clip has since been viewed more than 20,000 times. Zhao Lijian, the head of China’s Foreign Ministry Information Department, claimed in that “it might be the US army who brought the epidemic to Wuhan." Bret Schafer, who works at the Alliance for Securing Democracy, told NBC News that overall Twitter output from Chinese government-linked accounts has nearly doubled since January – and it has increased the number of its diplomatic accounts as well, up to 135 from around 40 this time last year. They “have become more aggressive, more conspiratorial, and the ones who have done that are their most popular accounts and have by far the most engagement,” he added. U.S. Defense Secretary Mark Esper said in March that it is for China to blame the U.S. military for starting the coronavirus outbreak.
https://www.foxnews.com/media/former-acting-ag-matt-whitaker-says-there-is-no-pandemic-exception-for-freedom-of-religion|2 days ago|Matt Whitaker on DOJ's warning to California: There is no 'pandemic exception' to freedom of religion|After the Department of Justice officials about the issue of their coronavirus shutdown order discriminating against churches, former acting Attorney General Matt Whitaker said on Wednesday that there is "no pandemic exception to the First Amendment or constitutional rights." “If people of faith can go to the supermarket or get a tattoo, they can also worship practicing the same type of things they would do in their secular life,” Whitaker told “ .” In a letter to California Tuesday, a high-ranking (DOJ) official warned that parts of the state’s shutdown order may infringe upon freedoms in the . “Simply put, there is no pandemic exception to the U.S. Constitution and its Bill of Rights,” Assistant Attorney General Eric Dreiband wrote. He argued that the state’s shutdown treats religious gatherings differently than it treats nonreligious gatherings that may involve similar numbers of people. “Laws that do not treat religious activities equally with comparable nonreligious activities are subject to heightened scrutiny under the Free Exercise Clause of the First Amendment,” he wrote. One issue involves restrictions that prohibit socially distanced, in-person religious gatherings but still allow certain in-person, nonreligious activities. For example, employees can report to work at entertainment industry or e-commerce jobs that enforce social distancing guidelines. Whitaker mentioned that in his book, “Above the Law,” he explains that the federal government’s “primary job” is to protect Americans' civil liberties and fundamental constitutional rights. Whitaker said that if there is discrimination against religious institutions, California will be sued. Whitaker said the letter urges California officials to allow churches to reopen and hold services while practicing social distancing and other health guidelines.
https://www.foxnews.com/opinion/trump-china-battle-media-undercuts-us-michael-goodwin|2 days ago|Michael Goodwin: Trump-China battle — guess which side US media is on?|It’s not trouble enough that is engaged in a tense, multifront struggle with . He also must guard his back from attacks by elements of the American media. Tuesday provided a memorable example. With a World Health Organization meeting dominated by the coronavirus, a spokesman for China’s Foreign Ministry issued a belligerent, threatening statement. The spokesman, Zhao Lijian, told reporters in Beijing: “The United States has made a miscalculation and found the wrong target when it picks on China, shirks its responsibilities and bargains on how to fulfill its ­international obligations to the World Health Organization.” In its report of those remarks, The New York Times used this headline: “China hits back, in words and aid pledges, as America goes at it alone.” It went on to accuse Trump of threatening “isolationism.” See, China “hits back” means America started it. And “isolationism” suggests it’s the US against the world, when, in fact, 122 nations ­favored a probe into the Chinese origins of the virus and its human-to-human transmission. Even conceding the American media’s hatred of Trump, you might assume the deaths and devastation caused by the coronavirus would at least lead them to view with suspicion. If you made that assumption, you would be naive — and wrong. For the left, Trump and America are to blame. That’s where they ­begin and that’s where they end.
https://www.foxnews.com/sports/phil-mickelson-tiger-woods-trash-talk-coronavirus-charity-event|2 days ago|Phil Mickelson 'can't wait' to beat Tiger Woods on his home course in coronavirus charity event|The break from sports hasn’t killed the spirit of competition. Phil Mickelson is looking to stick it to in his own backyard as he and take on Woods and Peyton Manning in a charity golf match on Sunday at Medalist Golf Club in Hobe Sound, Fla. “I can’t wait to go to Tiger’s place and take him down,” Mickelson told on Tuesday. “Tiger thinks he has a huge advantage playing there because he was insistent that this event is played on his home course. Despite everyone else wanting to play it elsewhere. That’s fine. We’ll take it to him and Peyton.” The four sports legends will raise at least $10 million for coronavirus relief but the matchup also presents a good opportunity to raise fans’ spirits with some friendly competition. “There will be no excuses. It’s his home course but Tom and I are going to go down there and put it to them, and we’ll make it that every time Tiger shows up at his home course, he’ll have a bad memory,” Mickelson continued. “The Match: Champions for Charity,” will tee off at 3 p.m. ET will be shown on TNT and TBS.
https://www.foxnews.com/politics/aiming-for-democratic-disunity-trump-argues-sanders-gave-up-in-primaries-too-easy|2 days ago|Trump argues Sanders gave up in primaries ‘too easy’|is criticizing for giving up “too easy” in this year’s . And -- putting on his political pundit cap as he took to Twitter Wednesday morning -- argued that if progressive of Massachusetts had dropped out of the primary battle before Super Tuesday, Sanders would have defeated “in a LANDSLIDE.” Trump’s pair of tweets appear to be a jab at Biden, , and another attempt to try and discourage some disaffected Sanders supporters from voting for the former vice president. “Crazy Bernie Sanders is not a fighter. He gives up too easy! The Dem establishment gets Alfred E. Newman [sic] (Mayor Pete) & to quit & endorse Sleepy Joe BEFORE Super Tuesday, & gets Pocahontas to stay in the race, taking thousands of votes from Bernie,” the president tweeted. Trump went on to argue that the progressive senator from Vermont would have “beaten Sleepy Joe in a LANDSLIDE, every State, if these events didn’t happen. Even if Warren just dropped out, he would have easily won. Dems did it to him with Crooked Hillary and now, even more so...and Bernie doesn’t even complain. VOTE for Trump on TRADE, better than BS!” Sanders, after narrowly winning the New Hampshire primary and walloping his rivals in the Nevada caucuses, was the front-runner in the Democratic presidential nomination race heading into the Feb. 29 South Carolina primary. But Biden won the Palmetto State in a landslide, which immediately sparked a tsunami of support for the former vice president from many establishment and centrist Democrats. In the two days after the South Carolina primary – and just ahead of Super Tuesday on March 3, when 14 states held contests -- Democratic presidential candidates and suspended their White House campaigns and endorsed Biden. Warren stayed in the race through Super Tuesday before ending her presidential bid on March 5. While the coalescing of Klobuchar and Buttigieg behind Biden boosted the former vice president’s performance as he enjoyed major victories on Super Tuesday – and Warren’s presence in the race likely robbed Sanders of some progressive support – Trump failed to mention Michael Bloomberg. The former New York City Mayor and multi-billionaire business and media mogul -- who spend an unprecedented amount of his own money on his presidential campaign -- remained in the race on Super Tuesday and took moderate votes away from Biden. Trump, true to form, used nicknames in his tweets, calling Sanders “Crazy Bernie,” Biden “Sleepy Joe,” and Warren “Pocahontas.” He also once again compared Buttigieg to the ‘Mad Magazine’ character Alfred E. Neuman. After Biden continued to sweep nomination contests later in March and early April, Sanders – who was Biden’s last remaining rival – suspended his campaign in April and endorsed Biden a week later. This month, the Biden and Sanders teams unveiled unity task forces to seek common ground on key policy issues. While Sanders is backing and working with Biden, some of his legions of young and progressive supporters have said they won’t vote for Biden in November. Trump and his campaign are trying to exacerbate those divisions, in hopes of diverting support for Biden in the general election. They’re aiming for a replay of the 2016 election, when plenty of Sanders supporters didn’t vote for Clinton, which was a contributing factor in Trump’s upset victory. The Biden campaign, responding to the president, termed Trump’s tweets an attempt to divert attention from what they’ve repeatedly characterized as his abysmal efforts in combating “Translation: "I failed the country on the worst public health crisis in 100 years and am terrified of being held accountable for my negligence, with a death toll over 90,000 and the strong economy I inherited from the Obama-Biden Administration careening toward a depression,” Biden campaign rapid response director Andrew Bates tweeted.
https://www.foxnews.com/world/cambridge-university-coronavirus-changes|2 days ago|Cambridge University says all lectures will be online until summer 2021 because of coronavirus|The University of Cambridge says all its face-to-face lectures are moving online for the 2020-21 academic year because of uncertainty surrounding the pandemic. The world-famous institution is the first in Britain to announce such a move as around the globe are trying to determine how they will instruct students safely in the months ahead. "Given that it is likely that social distancing will continue to be required, the university has decided there will be no face-to-face lectures during the next academic year,” it said in a statement late Tuesday, according to the . "Lectures will continue to be made available online and it may be possible to host smaller teaching groups in person, as long as this conforms to social distancing requirements.” "This decision has been taken now to facilitate planning, but as ever, will be reviewed should there be changes to official advice on coronavirus,” Cambridge added. The university, which has about 12,000 undergraduate students, sent students home and moved all its teaching online in March as the United Kingdom went into lockdown, and exams are being held remotely. Elsewhere, British universities are warning they will face a financial crisis if students decide they don’t want to pay tuition fees — currently $11,300 a year in England — for a college experience without in-person teaching, extra-curricular clubs and socializing. Some students who were due to start in the fall are likely to defer for a year in hope that things get back to normal by then. Nicola Dandridge, who heads U.K. higher education regulator the Office for Students, said this week that universities needed to come clean about what kind of experience students could expect before June, when school graduates decide whether to take up college places for the autumn term. “What we don’t want to see are promises that it’s all going to be back to usual — an on-campus experience — when it turns out that’s not the case,” she told Parliament’s education committee. Analysis by consulting firm London Economics estimated that as many as 120,000 students in Britain could delay going to university if classes remain online, causing a “severe” financial hit to academic institutions. Lockdowns and travel restrictions imposed because of the pandemic have also cut off the flow of international students, who pay higher fees and form a major source of income for U.K. universities. The University of Edinburgh in Scotland says it is going to adopt a “hybrid model” rather than going fully virtual. “Having hundreds of students packed into lecture theaters close together probably isn’t going to be safe or possible,” vice-chancellor Peter Mathieson told the BBC on Wednesday. “But we intend to provide small-group teaching and all the other campus experiences that distinguish us.”
https://video.foxnews.com/v/6158027740001/|__clean_error__|__clean_error__|
https://www.foxnews.com/food-drink/curbside-concessions-minor-league-ballparks-teams-offering-concessions-to-go-to-go|2 days ago|Curbside concessions: Minor league ballparks across the country are offering stadium fare to-go|Take me out to the ballgame — and buy me some from the safety of our car. A growing number of Minor League Baseball organizations across the country are now making their signature concessions available for curbside pickup amid the pandemic, offering everything from hot dogs and wings to more quirky, regional favorites such as “trash cans” and loose-meat sandwiches. “In these trying times, such endeavors allow teams to perform a community service, stay in the public eye, establish a revenue stream and unload a surplus of perishable goods,” wrote in a recent roundup of the Minor League ballparks now selling their treats to-go. The idea began gaining traction as early as April, according to MiLB.com, kicking off after the Blue Wahoos of Pensacola, Fla., began offerings its “Legalize Marinara” offerings (meatball subs, spaghetti, polenta) on 4/20. In the following weeks, several other teams began advertising their own signature dishes for curbside pickup, including: the Rochester Redwings of New York, serving their version of a “garbage plate,” among other things; the Omaha Storm Chasers, who threw in mystery merchandise with every order; and the Charleston RiverDogs of South Carolina, which not only offered traditional stadium fare and a brisket ramen bowl but also sold mystery 6-packs of beer for $12.99. Those aren’t nearly the only ballparks to adopt the idea, either. More recently, MiLB confirmed that the Burlington Bees out of Iowa have started offering their stadium snacks, including a loose-meat sandwich. Another Iowa team, the Clinton LumberKings, is also selling its fare, including its signature “Garbage Pail,” which MiLB.com described as an “iconic bouillabaisse of breaded items” containing fries, mini corn dogs, onion rings, chicken strips, fried pickles, and several other deep-fried items, all mixed together in one dish. We’re pretty sure most of these places are also selling hot dogs and peanuts, too, just in case your palate isn’t refined enough for the “garbage” plates described above. More comprehensive lists of the Minor League organizations offering is available at .
https://www.foxnews.com/entertainment/michael-bay-pandemic-movie-first-shoot-los-angeles-coronavirus-lockdown|2 days ago|Michael Bay producing pandemic movie, will be first to shoot in Los Angeles since coronavirus lockdown|is poised to begin production on the first movie to shoot in since the lockdown began. Although the and industry is still facing as various production-related ventures are forced to shut down in order meet California’s guidelines on social distancing, the acclaimed filmmaker seems to have found a way around those rules by making a thriller set in the time of a pandemic. According to , Adam Goodman’s Invisible Narratives has teamed with Bay to produce a movie called “Songbird.” The outlet describes the film as a taut thriller similar to “Paranormal Activity” and “Cloverfield” that takes place two years in the future. The pandemic is still around after lockdowns have been rolled back and subsequently reinstated as the virus continues to mutate. It promises to tackle everything from governmental conspiracies to public paranoia. Directed and written by Adam Mason, the film would be the first to go into production in Los Angeles since new guidelines were put in place. Although traditional film shoots are currently out of the question, Deadline reports that filmmakers are offering remote training for the actors and taking precautions to ensure that no one comes face-to-face while filming. For example, scenes will only be shot after the crew comes and preps the ground beforehand. Given that the characters will be in lockdown, there likely won't be many scenes that require crew at all. Because of the robust planning to ensure social distancing guidelines are followed, guilds representing both on and off-camera workers have reportedly given “Songbird” a green light. It’s been clear for a while that, as time goes on amid the pandemic, the thousands of entertainment industry workers who are desperate for their jobs to start up again won’t be returning to the kind of film sets they’re used to. The production on Bay’s new film may sound like a unique way to shoot a movie, it may be the first of a growing trend as Hollywood seeks to reopen safely.
https://www.foxnews.com/world/singapore-sentences-man-via-zoom-to-death-by-hanging-for-masterminding-drug-deal|2 days ago|Singapore sentences man to death via Zoom for masterminding drug deal|The sentencing of a man in to death via for his role in a 2011 drug deal has outraged human rights activists who call issuing capital punishment verdicts during the pandemic “abhorrent.” Punithan Genasan, a 37-year-old Malaysian, was sentenced Friday to death by hanging for masterminding a 2011 heroin transaction. But the vast majority of court hearings in Singapore have been adjourned until at least June 1 because of coronavirus lockdowns. It’s the second known case where a capital punishment verdict was delivered remotely since the pandemic. “For the safety of all involved in the proceedings, the hearing for Public Prosecutor v. Punithan A/L Genasan was conducted by video-conferencing,” a spokesperson for Singapore’s Supreme Court told . Court documents said the judge found Genasan recruited two drug couriers and directed them to transport and deliver 28.5 grams of heroin. Genasan’s lawyer, Peter Fernando, told the news outlet that he did not object to the judgment being delivered via video. He said his client is considering an appeal. In Singapore, which has recorded more than 29,000 coronavirus cases and at least 22 deaths, the death penalty is a possible sentence in a range of offenses including drug trafficking, murder, kidnapping, waging war against the government and use of firearms. The country has defended capital punishment as a deterrent for the most serious crimes. Most of the cases are drug-related. The city-state imposed a partial lockdown in early April after it was hit by a second wave of infections sparked by foreign workers living in crowded dormitories. It plans to gradually ease restrictions starting next month. Amnesty International said in a that the ruling was a "reminder that Singapore continues to defy international law and standards by imposing the death penalty for drug trafficking.” “At a time when the global attention is focused on saving and protecting lives in a pandemic, the pursuit of the death penalty is all the more abhorrent,” it added. Phil Robertson, the Human Rights Watch’s deputy director for Asia, told Reuters that Singapore’s use of remote technology to sentence a man to death makes the city-state's death penalty even more “inherently cruel and inhumane.” The organization condemned a similar ruling made in Nigeria earlier this month. Olalekan Hameed, who pleaded not guilty to killing a 76-year-old man in December 2018, was sentenced to death by hanging last month.
https://www.foxnews.com/media/sen-john-barrasso-pelosis-fantasyland-bill-helps-illegals-more-than-american-workers|2 days ago|Sen. Barrasso rips Pelosi's 'fantasyland bill' for prioritizing jobs for illegal immigrants over Americans|Wyoming Republican Senator called the the House of Representatives passed last week a “fantasyland bill” that he said helps more than American citizens. Barrasso told “ ” on Wednesday that House Speaker D-Calif., is “actually making it easier for illegal immigrants to work in her three trillion dollar bill, that fantasyland bill, than she is making it easier for the to get back on the job.” “Those are the perverse incentives that she’s included in this liberal wish list,” he continued. The relief package the House passed Friday includes who work in jobs declared “essential” — a move that Republicans are blasting as an attempt at “amnesty.” It also expands direct payment eligibility to undocumented immigrants who pay taxes, which Barrasso said he disagrees with "100 percent." The 1,815-page bill was drafted by Democrats alone and earned a veto threat from the and condemnation from the GOP as a “ ” that’s dead on arrival in the . “For the third week in a row, the Republican majority in the Senate has no COVID related business on the agenda,” Senate Minority Leader , D-N.Y., said on Monday as he spoke from the Senate floor. He then cited the more than 36 million Americans who filed for unemployment benefits since mid-March, when businesses were forced to temporarily close their doors in an attempt to slow the spread of the novel coronavirus. Schumer also mentioned the more than 90,000 Americans who died as a result of COVID-19 pointing out that despite all that, “Senate Republicans have decided to take the month off from the ” In response, Barrasso noted on Wednesday that “only about half of the money that we’ve already approved [in the prior relief packages] has gone out.” “There's another hundred billion for hospitals. There’s another hundred billion available in the . There’s 150 billion that has gone to the states that has not yet been spent,” he said. He acknowledged that “we may need another bill,” however, to account for for small businesses so that “the mom-and-pop businesses around the country have some protection against the sue and settle lawyers who are already sharpening their knives to go after them.” Barrasso also pointed out that The Senate Committee on Environment and Public Works, which he chairs, “has passed a highway infrastructure bill and now, just in the last weeks, a water infrastructure bill for our dams [and] our ports." "That gets people back to work,” he continued. “That puts dollars in the states and people on the job.”
https://www.foxnews.com/politics/pence-says-upcoming-spacex-launch-will-show-america-still-moves-forward-during-the-most-challenging-times|2 days ago|Pence says upcoming SpaceX launch will show 'America still moves forward' during 'the most challenging times'|When the last space shuttle launched in 2011, few people at believed it would be nearly a decade before American astronauts would launch into space again from U.S. soil. Even fewer people would have guessed that next launch would take place in the middle of a pandemic on Earth. Yet, Vice President believes the timing may actually be perfect. "When that rocket goes off next week, it'll remind the American people that even in the midst of the most challenging times, America still moves forward," the vice president told Fox News during an interview at NASA's Headquarters. "America continues to lead with courage and with bravery. Just like every American family has done, the NASA family did that throughout the coronavirus pandemic. They stayed on mission." The Demo-2 mission is scheduled to begin May 27 at the Kennedy Space Center, where NASA Astronauts Doug Hurley and Bob Behnken will launch on SpaceX's Falcon 9 rocket and Crew Dragon capsule to the International Space Station. It will be the first time that NASA astronauts will be flying a spacecraft that's owned and operated by a private company. It will also be only the fifth time in U.S. history that NASA astronauts will fly a new spacecraft for the first time. "We think about Mercury, Gemini, Apollo and then the space shuttle: Those are the only four times in history where we have put humans on brand new spacecraft," said NASA Administrator Jim Bridenstine during a preflight news conference. The launch will also signify one giant leap towards the Trump administration's goal of securing American dominance in space. "To think for the last 10 years we've had to hitch a ride on Russian rockets to get to the International Space Station, I think every American knew it was just wrong," said Pence. Yet, just last week, NASA agreed to pay the Russian space agency Roscosmos more than $90 million for one final seat on a Soyuz rocket. The vice president says he understands the need to have contingencies in place in case the Demo-2 mission is delayed, but that he will still be questioning NASA's leadership about why such an expensive backup plan is necessary. In recent years, countries like Russia and China have become increasingly aggressive actors in outer space, and the COVID-19 pandemic has only exacerbated tensions on Earth. It's part of the reason Trump established the Space Force and NASA's new Artemis program. "Not only are we returning to space from American soil, but we're really beginning a new era of American leadership in human space exploration that will carry the next man and the first woman to the moon by 2024, and it'll put American astronauts on Mars," Pence said. The pandemic has forced NASA to pause work on critical components of the Artemis program, and the launch of Artemis-1 has recently been delayed until late 2021. At a meeting last week of the NASA Advisory Council's Human Exploration and Operations Committee, several members were skeptical about NASA's ability to meet the timeline. Tommy Holloway, a former NASA space shuttle program manager, called the goal "a pipe dream," and Jim Voss, a former NASA Astronaut said, “I don’t think they have any chance of making 2024." The vice president says that kind of criticism, "sounds a lot like the way they talked about Apollo. We had another president, who said that he was going to send a man to the moon before the end of the decade and return safely to the earth, and an awful lot of people said it couldn't be done." The Apollo missions drew massive crowds, and hundreds of thousands of people converged on the Kennedy Space Center to watch the final space shuttle launch. This time, due to social distancing restrictions, NASA is advising everyone to watch the Demo-2 launch from home. But Brevard County Sheriff Wayne Ivey says the Space Coast is open for business and he's encouraging people to come watch the launch in person. "Now might not be the time to travel to Florida to see a launch," Pence said. "But I expect residents in the area will know how to social distance and practice in a responsible way. But to see a rocket go into the air, to know that it is carrying American astronauts, wherever you're watching it from, it's going to be a great, great source of inspiration for every American."
https://www.foxnews.com/politics/trump-g7-meet-camp-david-in-june|2 days ago|Trump suggests G7 should now meet in-person at Camp David in June, despite coronavirus cancellation|on Wednesday said he is considering rescheduling the June -- which was canceled amid the coronavirus crisis -- on or around the same time as initially planned at Camp David -- as he seeks to give a sign of “normalization” to the world. “Now that our Country is 'Transitioning back to Greatness,' I am considering rescheduling the G-7, on the same or similar date, in Washington, D.C., at the legendary Camp David,” he tweeted. “The other members are also beginning their COMEBACK.” “It would be a great sign to all -- normalization!” he added. that, due to the coronavirus pandemic, the June meeting of the seven major industrial nations -- Britain, Canada, France, Germany, Italy, and Japan along with the U.S. -- would be held by video conference instead of at Camp David. But Trump has for weeks been pushing for economies to reopen and for life to get back to normal after months of lockdowns and extreme social distancing practices to slow the spread of the highly contagious virus -- measures that have devastated the economy. However, even though the peak of the virus has passed in many places and states beginning to reopen across the country, a number of health experts are warning that reopening too quickly could lead to a second wave of the virus -- and that reopening should be slow and measured. Trump on Tuesday said at a Cabinet meeting that he wants the country to be reopened “very rapidly” “That should have never happened to our country. It should have never happened to the world. It’s a disgrace. It could have been stopped at the source, but they decided not to do that,” he said, referring to China, where the virus originated. “But we’re going to safely reopen our country and our economy, and it’s happening very rapidly,” he said.
https://www.foxnews.com/us/connecticut-restaurant-owners-reopening-coronavirus-restrictions|2 days ago|Connecticut restaurants ‘eager’ to reopen as state starts lifting restrictions -- and braces for influx from New York|Connecticut restaurant owners say they are ready to go Wednesday as the state has now become one of the few in the northeast to allow outdoor dining during the outbreak – something that could draw an influx of visitors from harder-hit metropolitan regions. The change is going into effect today as other sectors of economy have simultaneously , such as non-essential retail stores, offices and malls. “We are definitely eager to get back to work,” Chris Gavrielidis, the owner of , a seafood restaurant in Norwalk, told Fox News. “Sitting at home for two months is not as comfortable as you would imagine.” Harbor Lights is planning to start seating customers at 18 tables on its waterfront outdoor patio Wednesday in accordance with state and city . The process of serving diners in-person during the coronavirus pandemic is unchartered territory for many restaurant owners – but those in nearby Rhode Island and New Hampshire have already started heading into it this week. “We are going to take it day by day and implement everything that they want,” Gavrielidis said, adding that “I do think with our limited capacity that those tables will be full.” And he expects at least a few of those customers will be traveling from states like New York, where restaurants – which will only reopen further in phase three of Gov. reopening plan -- are weeks away from having some of their restrictions lifted. “Our [seafood] stand next door, Overton’s, you can see all the cars coming in that have New York license plates,” Gavrielidis said, in reference to a take-out eatery he owns that shares the same parking lot as Harbor Lights. “I’ll talk to them... they are up for the day, they are trying to get out.” David Fletcher, the director of operations at in Greenwich, which hosts waterfront weddings and other large events, said Connecticut’s lifting of restrictions Wednesday is a much-needed boost. “When we were doing curbside, there was a little bit of a heartbeat for the restaurant,” he told Fox News. “And right now, we just got another little bit of a bump as far as being able to open.” “There are actually little trees and bushes between a lot of the tables – I think the customers will have a good feeling about going out and feeling safe, which is most important,” he added. Fletcher says staff there will be wearing masks and gloves and will go through a checkpoint each time they come into work, where they will get their temperature taken. The restaurant employs around 100 people and from what Fletcher has heard, they are happy to be returning. “It’s not about making what they were making when we were operating. It is just about getting their job back. It’s a pride thing,” he said. Around Greenwich, reservations at other restaurants opening their outdoor dining areas today are “robust," according to Marcia O’Kane, the president and CEO of its chamber of commerce. “There is definite excitement about the limited reopening of stores, restaurants and offices,” she said. “Local retailers are sending us their pictures and are using safety protocols as mandated by our governor.” But O’Kane also noted that not all of the town’s businesses are ready to reopen in adherence to the health guidelines, “so some will be doing so on the first week of June.” Similar optimism and caution for Wednesday’s reopenings is being expressed in other parts of Connecticut as well. “Many of our businesses are excited to open and hopeful that the customers will be there,” said Garrett Sheehan, the CEO of the Greater New Haven Chamber of Commerce. “Safety is our number one focus and we want the public to know all of the steps our businesses are taking to make it a safe experience, including masks, distancing, and regular cleanings.” Heather Cavanagh, the president and CEO of Stamford Chamber of Commerce, also noted that “we have to be very thoughtful with this first group of businesses.” “The last thing we want to do is have another outbreak of this,” she added. “Because if we have another outbreak of this – businesses have already been impacted drastically. If we are going to go through this again, we know what’s going to happen.”
https://video.foxnews.com/v/6158019883001/|__clean_error__|__clean_error__|
https://www.foxnews.com/us/summer-camps-left-in-limbo-amid-the-coronavirus|2 days ago|Summer camps left in limbo during the coronavirus pandemic|EATONTON, Ga. – In some parts of the country, summer camps are becoming an option for parents after students have been out of school for months. In , day camps are , but overnight camps are waiting for the green light to open. Last week, Gov. Brian Kemp signed an allowing day camps to open this summer, but they must follow more than 30 restrictions. The restrictions include everything from social distancing, temperature checks, availability of hand sanitizer, masks for everyone, and many more. According to the , around 20 million children usually attend summer camp in the United States, but that number is expected to decrease this summer as the coronavirus pandemic continues. The Georgia Mountains YMCA day camp decided to open for summer camp at the end of May, but this year their program will be different. Amy Kienle, the CEO of , said they had to transition very quickly. “A very high percentage of our parents and guardians in our community are essential workers, and we knew that this would be a critical need for our community,” Kienle said. The day camp usually attracts 300 kids, but Kienle said they were capping the number at 196 this year. Also, the staff at the camp are changing campers' daily routine to protect the employees and children. “We don’t let parents enter the facility for drop off and pick up, they’re remaining in their vehicle. Also, campers are not eating in a communal space. Food is being taken to the children and they’re eating in separate spaces,” Kienle said. In the instance that a child becomes sick, “when a child does show symptoms or becomes ill while they’re here, we keep them in an isolated area until their parents can come pick them up,” Kienle said. Kienle said they are expected to hit capacity this but overnight camps like Rock Eagle in Eatonton, Ga., still aren’t allowed to open. state leader Arch Smith has been a part of the Rock Eagle camping community since he was a child and he said he has never seen it like this. The camp has been closed since mid-March. “We have delayed the opening of our summer camp program to late June or early July. Whether or not we will be able to do it... we will have to make a call within the next two weeks,” Kienle said. The campground has over 50 cabins and more than 1,000 beds for campers. Due to coronavirus, cabins could be left empty if overnight camps are forced to stay closed. “We’re not set up to do day programs. It would be difficult because that’s just not the business that we are in,” Kienle said. Smith said the camp is already facing a financial hit because they have canceled summer programs through the end of June at all five locations. Smith fears that things could get worse. That hit is about 45 percent of our annual revenue… so it’s in the millions of dollars,” Kienle said. The five camping centers in Georgia that Smith oversees may be empty this summer for the first time in decades. “If we feel that we can safely operate our facility under those guidelines, we'll make every attempt to do so," Kienle said. "But, at the same time, if those guidelines are more restrictive than we can comply with, we won’t try to operate camp.”
https://video.foxnews.com/v/6158011147001/|__clean_error__|__clean_error__|
https://www.foxnews.com/us/coronavirus-texas-death-church-priest-reopen|2 days ago|Texas church closes after priest dies, members get coronavirus|A church canceled Mass services just days after reopening after a priest died and several members of his religious order tested positive for the . Holy Ghost Church in Houston reopened its doors on May 2, as the Lone Star State began loosening its stay-at-home orders. But on May 14, the parish canceled all services after Father Donnell Kirchner died. Five members of the congregation tested positive for COVID-19, church officials said Monday. "If you have attended Masses in person at Holy Ghost Church since the reopening on May 2nd, you are strongly encouraged to monitor your health for any symptoms and be tested for COVID-19, as a precautionary measure," the Archdiocese of Galveston-Houston said in a statement to Fox News. The church said it was possible Kirchner, 79, contracted COVID-19 and that "one or more of the community might have been exposed." The priest's cause of death is unknown, though he was diagnosed with pneumonia before he died at home May 13. Kirchner, who worked at Holy Ghost parish in Bellaire, shared a home with seven other members of the Redemptorists religious community. Five of them tested positive for COVID over the weekend, including two priests who had been active in public Masses at Holy Ghost since reopening. The diocese reports at least five members of the church tested positive as of Monday and are asymptomatic. In-person attendance at the 900-seat parish has been "closely controlled" and has not exceeded 179 people since May 2. Kirchner's funeral is scheduled for Thursday and will be livestreamed on Facebook. Texas has had over 49,900 cases and at least 1,369 deaths due to the coronavirus as the state continues to reopen.
https://www.foxnews.com/health/great-great-grandmother100-beats-coronavirus-united-kingdom|2 days ago|Great-great-grandmother, 100, beats coronavirus: ‘She’s our little boomerang’|A 100-year-old great-great-grandmother in the United Kingdom isn't letting the take her down, overcoming her battle with COVID-19 after a more than two-week hospital stay, her family says. Rose Heeley, of Sheffield, fell ill with the virus in recent weeks and was hospitalized for 18 days. The 100-year-old – who has reportedly survived scarlet fever, measles, whooping cough, diphtheria, the flu, and two heart attacks over the years – received a standing ovation when she was discharged from Northern General Hospital in Sheffield last week. “She is delighted to be back home. She’s our little boomerang, she never fails to come back with a vengeance,” one of the woman’s 11 grandchildren, Tracey Appleyard, 49, told South West News Service. “We were all so worried about her having the virus, at first we feared the worst, but we knew she was in safe hands and soon enough we knew she would come out dancing,” she added. “We are always delighted to see patients like Rose getting better and going home, she has an amazing spirit and it was so uplifting to be able to clap her out of the ward on discharge,” said Katie Ashton, a chief nurse at Northern General Hospital Sheffield. Heeley – who partly credits her long life to a nightly cup of tea with whiskey and a gingernut biscuit – also has 22 great-grandchildren and seven great-great-grandchildren, as per the outlet. "My nanan definitely got her fill of childhood illnesses, but she fought them all off, just like she has done with this coronavirus,” her granddaughter added, noting Heeley “just keeps proving she is still strong and fighting.” "She is not ready to give up,” she added. The news comes after a , making what her family called a “miracle recovery.” Catherine “Kitt” Grace, who once worked with Winston Churchill, was first hospitalized with COVID-19 in April and was reportedly given less than two hours to live at one point. “At one point, we were told Auntie Kitt wouldn’t make it through the night, and then she might not live for another two hours,” Marie Nebard, the woman’s cousin, told the news outlet. “The thought of her dying like this was unimaginable but then I got a call saying she had made a miracle recovery and I wouldn’t believe what I was hearing.”
https://www.foxnews.com/opinion/coronavirus-alert-levels-recover-economy-without-risking-lives-dr-tom-frieden|2 days ago|Dr. Tom Frieden: Coronavirus alert levels — here's how to recover our economy without risking lives|If you’ve lived on a coast during hurricane season, driven in a big city with heavy smog, or hiked in woods prone to wildfires, you may have seen a simple color-coded alert. At a glance, it told you if a hidden danger was present that affected you and others — an approaching storm, harmful air pollution, or dry brush ready to burn. Simple information with practical advice to stay safe and not endanger others. Authorities didn’t close the beach, block the road or close the trail. Instead, they counted on you to read the sign and let you decide on the appropriate precautions. In the past few months, has become a new danger. My initiative, , works in the United States and around the world. We looked for the very best policies to help us get our started again without rekindling the . Americans want two things: to get back to business and to not endanger the health of their loved ones and themselves. The better we control the virus, the sooner we can restart our economy, because to protect livelihoods, we must protect lives. And the quicker we get back to work, the healthier we will be. Today we released our recommendations – a four-level, color-coded alert system. Think of it as a weather report on the virus that does three things. This alert system should be implemented by state governments — with wide consultation within society — and then applied at both state and local levels. First, it empowers you to protect yourself and your family. There are times when older adults and people with serious health conditions should be extra careful to avoid infection. And businesses, schools, health care facilities, nursing homes, and others need practical information on what they can do at different levels of risk. We need to know about a looming or receding threat such as a hurricane. Increased risk of the new coronavirus should be communicated similarly so people know what they can do to protect themselves and their loved ones. Knowing that this is a week to wear your mask when you’re indoors and near other people should be as easy and straightforward as bringing an umbrella to work on a rainy day. Second, it holds government – and all of us – accountable. We found the seven best measures to track to know how widely the virus is spreading, how ready our hospitals and health workers are, and how safe our public health system can keep us. And we made sure to account for both health and economics, which are in sync, not in conflict here. Third, this system can accelerate progress reducing risk by focusing on crucially important things we can do to restore economic activity and fight the virus without rekindling the pandemic. There are basic principles to follow ( , an explanation of them , and details of what a system would look like in your community ). They communicate a simple, practical message: When there are lots of cases, health care or basic control measures are getting overwhelmed, more precautions — washing your hands, teleworking, cleaning dirty surfaces well – will protect you and others. When cases decline, it’s safer to resume some normal activities, while still physical distancing wherever possible and not having large gatherings. When the virus is better controlled, we move toward a new normal, continuing safety measures such as regular handwashing, protecting the most vulnerable and not going out if we’re sick. It’s not about open vs. closed or health vs. economics. It’s about stages of opening and about accelerating economic recovery while keeping people as safe as we can. Each community can , increasing or decreasing the alert level based on health, economic and social considerations. We all want to get back to our normal lives. By tailoring our actions to the level of viral threat, we can open up society as quickly as possible and people can get back to other essential work while also protecting the vulnerable and saving lives. We’ll continue to work with communities around the country and the world to discover even better approaches to tracking, responding to, and stopping the virus. There’s a lot riding on our success. A careless action could ignite a wildfire that jeopardizes a whole community, and ignoring the alert levels of COVID-19 could start a deadly viral flare-up that sets back economic recovery. By adopting an alert-level approach, we can empower people, hold governments accountable and accelerate progress. We can recover our economy without risking our lives.
https://www.foxnews.com/health/coronavirus-mta-looks-to-uv-light-to-disinfect-subways|2 days ago|New York's coronavirus plan involves UV light to disinfect subways|New York City's Metropolitan Transportation Authority (MTA) plans to rid its transportation fleet of the harmful through beams of ultraviolet light, officials say. The MTA announced a pilot program with Puro Lighting, a company specializing in UV disinfection lighting devices. The $1 million investment will result in 230 full-spectrum UV lights (including UV-A, UV-B AND UV-C) rolled out on trains, buses and in agency facilities next week, according to MTA Chairman Pat Foye and a press release from PURO. The lamps will be used during overnight closures. Since May 6, the MTA has implemented overnight subway closures from 1 a.m. to 6 a.m. to sanitize. The method is not safe for human exposure, explained Dr. David Brenner, who is spearheading the effort. The use of UV light to kill bacteria and viruses has been around for more than 100 years, he said on a recent segment of "The Ingraham Angle." Brenner, a radiation biophysics professor at Columbia University, said UV light has been used to decontaminate "surgical operating theaters," leaving behind a "nice, clean environment" the following morning. He said the method is "very effective at killing microbes."
https://www.foxnews.com/sports/tennis-pros-take-part-in-backyard-tournament-amid-coronavirus-pandemic-report|2 days ago|Tennis pros take part in backyard tournament amid coronavirus pandemic: report|real estate investor and fan Scott Douglas reportedly offered up his own backyard over the weekend for a two-day competition that featured some of tennis’ top-ranked players. As sports continue to make a painfully slow comeback in the wake of the coronavirus pandemic, athletes have gotten creative with their methods to resume normalcy. Douglas hosted the Homecourt Advantage tournament on a clay court in the backyard of his Rolling Hills home which included $10,000 prize, the reported. There were only 12 fans present, all of which practiced social distancing measures. Participants included 10-time ATP title winner Sam Querrey, Ernesto Escobedo, Brandon Holt and rising star, 17-year-old Zachary Svajda. Querrey came out on top after defeating Holt 3-4 (7), 4-1, 10-8 in the final. “It was so much fun,” Holt told the Los Angeles Times. “I think that as long as people are being safe and social distancing, as we did at this tournament, there's no reason why we shouldn't be able to start up playing tennis.” He continued: “I don't think anyone here ever felt like they were in any danger, ever. We're able to play tennis far enough away so we're not close to each other. I guess that's the name of the game, trying to figure out how to get fans and trying to figure out how to travel. Things like that are what's going to be tough when the pro tour starts back up." Querrey also emphasized the importance of these types of matches as the tour continues to remain on hold. “If the tour is going to keep being suspended, the more of these that can pop up the better because they're really fun and the guys really appreciate it," he said. "It was awesome. They did a great job.”
https://video.foxnews.com/v/6158007058001/|__clean_error__|__clean_error__|
https://www.foxnews.com/travel/united-airlines-clorox-cleanplus-initiative-all-in-one|2 days ago|United Airlines teams up with Clorox to launch 'CleanPlus' initiative, 'all-in-one' bag for passengers|has as more states lift . United Airlines is teaming up with Clorox and Cleveland Clinic to launch its newest cleaning initiative, which the carrier is calling "United CleanPlus." The collaboration between the airline, the popular cleaning brand and the medical experts at the Cleveland Clinic was created “with the goal of delivering an industry-leading standard of cleanliness,” according to a . As part of the initiative, United will offer more touchless kiosks in select locations for baggage check-in, and allow for passengers to use a QR code on their own device and scan to print luggage tags. There will also be sneeze guards at counters, mandates for face coverings (for crew and passengers), and social-distancing protocols at the ticket counter and other high-volume areas. Guests will also be asked to scan their own tickets when boarding, and will be boarded in smaller groups to allow for more social distancing. "Safety has always been our top priority, and right now in the midst of an unprecedented crisis, it's our singular customer focus," said United CEO Scott Kirby in a video message to customers Wednesday, via the press release. The cleaning changes will also impact the in-flight snack service, United confirmed. Beginning May 22, passengers will receive an “all-in-one” economy snack bag, which will replace the beverage and snack service on domestic flights. The bag will include a wrapped sanitizer wipe, an 8.5-ounce bottle of water, a Stroopwafel and a package of pretzels. At United terminals in Chicago and Denver, and more locations to follow, Clorox will provide disinfecting products to passengers in the lobby and as they board their flights. Among the items handed out to passengers will be individually wrapped hand sanitizer wipes as they board the plane. United has also shared that, as part of the policy changes, cabin sanitization will include electrostatic spraying before every flight starting in June.
https://www.foxnews.com/lifestyle/woman-inflatable-hippo-suit-hug-mom-video-viral|2 days ago|Woman wears inflatable hippo suit to safely hug mom at retirement home: 'This is wonderful!'|Sometimes, all you need is a hug from One dedicated went viral after bundling up in an inflatable hippo costume to greet her mom with a big ol’ bear hug at the Virginia retirement home where she resides. With the special visitor taking caution in the "sterilized" outfit amid the , the mom declared that it was “wonderful” to be reunited after separation in Last week, Nick Bolerjack posted footage of the precious moment on Twitter, identifying the women in the video as his mother-in-law and grandmother-in-law. Bolerjack’s grandmother-in-law resides at the Fox Trails Senior Living Home in Stephens City, and has had to spend time apart from family during the COVID-19 outbreak, . However, Fox Trails is allowing family members to hug residents in such “sterilized suits” during this time, Bolerjack said — and with a little planning, they did just that. In the video, which has been viewed nearly 7,000 times, Bolerjack's mother-in-law can be seen approaching her mother — while wearing the hippo suit — with outstretched arms. “Mom!” she exclaims, as her mom walks out of the facility. "Oh my gosh! That’s just so wonderful!” her mother replies, laughing at the unforgettable costume. “Come here, let me hug you,” her daughter says, hugging her close in a tight embrace. “This is [because] all of the fabulous people here that are doing this for all of you guys. I get to hug you,” she explains. “I love you!” Social media commenters also got emotional over the heartwarming reunion, with one user even admitting to shedding a “little tear” over the adorable family moment. As the weeks wear on, people are getting similarly creative with and to safely wish their loved ones well as the outbreak continues.
https://www.foxnews.com/food-drink/florida-woman-arrested-kissing-strangers-calling-911-to-report-same-bar|2 days ago|Florida woman arrested after kissing strangers at bar, calling 911 on same bar for violating distancing rules|Listen, we’d all like to return to some semblance of normal when it comes to socializing at our local , but , please! A woman in Florida was arrested earlier this week after allegedly trying to kiss the patrons of a Brevard County bar, and then repeatedly calling 911 to report the very same bar for ignoring social-distancing guidelines. Police in Melbourne, Fla., arrested Audra Adams, 32, on charges of trespassing and disorderly conduct, among other charges, after responding to the Monkey Bar and Grill on the night of May 12, where they found Adams in the parking lot, refusing to leave, according to arrest records shared with Fox News. The bar’s owner told police that Adams had tried to kiss "random" patrons inside the bar before she was asked to leave. Adams initially refused, but then wandered into the parking lot, where she continued to refuse to leave, according to the arrest report. Police offered to call her a cab, or phone her family to come pick her up, but instead she sat on the ground and stated that she would not go. During this time, she also phoned 911 a total of five times, including once after the police had already responded to the bar, and once again when police were questioning her in the parking lot. When one of the responding officers asked why she was calling 911, she said she “felt the bar was not practicing social distancing or following the guidelines to be open.” Police again asked her to leave, at which point again refused and stated that she would “sit in the parking lot all night.” She was then arrested and turned over to the Brevard County Sheriff’s Office. Adams has been charged with trespassing after warning, disorderly conduct, resisting an officer without violence (for allegedly trying to flee after she was handcuffed) and misuse of the 911 system. Bars and restaurants in many parts of Florida were allowed to reopen as of May 4 under Phase 1 rules, which stipulate they limit indoor seating to 25 percent of capacity or less, and provide at least six feet of space between parties of guests both indoors and outdoors. The entire state later moved to a "full Phase 1" on May 18.
https://www.foxnews.com/media/california-city-atwater-declares-sanctuary-businesses|3 days ago|California city declares itself a sanctuary for businesses: 'We're going to stand our ground' against draconian lockdown|A mayor is declaring his city a sanctuary for from the state's shutdown orders. In an interview on Atwater Mayor Paul Creighton explained that in California there's a "sanctuary city for everything" including and rampant . He said that they had smashed the COVID-19 curve in their city days ahead of Democratic California and that nurses in local are being "sent home" because hospitalization numbers are "extremely low." Despite Creighton's community having done a "great job," he feared that his local hospital would close because of the lack of revenue. "Atwater is one of the lowest numbers in our county and we're seeing the pressure of this -- and we're not getting any relief from the governor or the county so -- we decided to step up," he stated. Creighton added that while he didn't want to jeopardize any businesses with state licenses, the in the city of Atwater would stand down and support their residents. That said, the state's was not as supportive over the weekend. According to Creighton, they threatened local businesses in Atwater. "The revenues are down. We're following the . And, we're not actively [or] aggressively going to file a lawsuit or anything else, but we're going to stand our ground," he declared. "And, the draconian measures that are taken, [they don't] fit our community." "We smashed the curve here in Merced County and we're doing our part," Creighton concluded. "So, let us return back to business as normal with best practices, and businesses know how to do that." Although Newsom recently announced slightly for counties that hope to allow businesses to reopen more quickly than the state overall, 24 California counties have been allowed to reopen more businesses to date.
https://www.foxnews.com/science/coronavirus-lockdown-reduces-pollution-nepal-mount-everest-visible-from-over-120-miles-away|2 days ago|As coronavirus lockdown reduces pollution in Nepal, Mount Everest visible from over 120 miles away|An incredible photo shows Mount Everest visible for the first time in decades from the Nepalese city of Kathmandu. A lockdown-related reduction in air has made the famous visible from the city 124 miles away, according to the . The photo was taken by Abhushan Gautam from the Kathmandu Valley on May 10. Some 427 coronavirus cases have been diagnosed in Nepal, and COVID-19 has accounted for two deaths in the country, according to data from Johns Hopkins University. Earlier this year, coronavirus fears Nepal and China to close climbers’ access to the peak. The famous mountain can be climbed from its northern side, which is in Chinese-administered Tibet, as well as from its southern side in Nepal. The March-May climbing season is when weather conditions are best for climbing the Himalayan mountain. As of Wednesday morning, more than 4.73 million coronavirus cases have been diagnosed worldwide, and the disease has been responsible for 323,855 deaths, according to Johns Hopkins University.
https://www.foxnews.com/us/tennessee-hospital-closed-121g-federal-coronavirus-aid|3 days ago|Tennessee hospital closed since last June received $121G in federal coronavirus relief: reports|A debt-ridden, rural hospital that’s been shuttered since June 2019 received more than $121,000 in federal relief funds, according to reports. Inc. received $121,722 from the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services’ Provider Relief Fund, according to a list of hospitals around the country given federal COVID-19 aid published on the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention’s website. The 85-bed facility in Jamestown, Fentress County, about 80 miles northwest from Knoxville, was forced to shut its doors on June 13, 2019. A federal investigation found the hospital owed more than $4 million to 200 vendors as of May 30, 2019, reported. Hospital owner Rennova Health, Inc. still owes more than $1.2 million in federal taxes, reported. "It's not fair for them to direct money to a hospital that has currently no real ability to reopen and provide adequate and safe patient care," former Jamestown nurse Miah Elmore said. A class-action lawsuit filed by employees alleged Rennova Health took Social Security and federal payroll taxes out of their paychecks but then withheld the funds from the federal government, WBIR reported. After filing their taxes last April, the employees claim that instead of receiving refund checks, the government sent letters stating there had been some sort of error. "It's disgusting in a way," Karen Cooper, a former Jamestown nurse involved in the lawsuit, said. "There are hospitals and things that are seeing the COVID patients that could've utilized that money." "It's another slap in the face and there's nothing we can do about it," Cooper said of the COVID-19 relief funds. "We just feel so frustrated." According to the , “The bipartisan CARES Act and the Paycheck Protection Program and Health Care Enhancement Act provided $175 billion in relief funds to hospitals and other health care providers on the front lines of the coronavirus response.” Jamestown Medical Center was included in a “list of providers that received a payment from the General Distribution, High Impact Targeted Allocation and/or the Rural Targeted Allocation of the Provider Relief Fund and who have attested to receiving one or more payments and agreed to the Terms and Conditions as of May 13, 2020.” In a statement to Fox News, Rennova Health spokesperson Seamus Lagan confirmed that the Jamestown TN Medical Center has received assistance from the HHS relief fund despite remaining closed. He said there “are ongoing plans to reopen the hospital and there are employees retained as part of that plan” and the company will “endeavor to ensure the money has been used in accordance with the guidelines and terms of such relief.” “We look forward to reopening this facility and while no plans are yet confirmed will consider reopening the ER as a first step if we can be certain we will get paid for the services we provide. That is something that is outside of the control of the Company,” he said. Lagan called the lawsuit filed by former Jamestown employees “frivolous and filed in the belief that the Company somehow averted the WARN 60 days notice rules when the hospital closed in June 2019. This is absolutely not the case as there are clearly defined exceptions." He added that "had the Company been in a financial position to provide some extended payroll to employees at the time of closing it would have willingly done so.” “While unfortunate that it took such a serious event, the pandemic has highlighted the importance of and financial pressures in the rural healthcare sector and will likely lead to a new appreciation and support to ensure these services remain and grow to meet the needs of an increasingly aging population in rural America,” the lengthy statement continued. “The decisive action by the government in the current circumstances in providing assistance has ensured the retention of many services and continued employment of healthcare individuals that would undoubtedly not have survived the current disruption.” According to a , Rennova Health reported its company-owned facilities have received approximately $7.4 million from the federal COVID-19 provider relief fund, as well as another $2.3 million in the form of payroll protection loans. Rennova Health has IRS liens totaling more than $4.4 million against its other two hospitals in the region -- Big South Fork Medical Center in Oneida and the Jellico Community Hospital in Campbell County, WBIR reported, citing tax records.
https://www.foxnews.com/media/high-school-swimmers-petition-nj-governor-reopen-pools|3 days ago|High school swimmers petition NJ governor to reopen pools, say mental and physical health is being affected|Two New Jersey high school swimmers told “ ” that they have launched a petition asking Gov. to reopen pools for competitive swimmers who they said are "mature enough to follow guidelines to ensure the safety of every swimmer." was created by Jerry Zheng and Andy Moss, high school sophomores on the Somerset Hills YMCA Swim Team. As of Wednesday morning, the petition has garnered more than 4,300 signatures. “Jerry and I have been competitive swimmers since we were seven,” Moss said on Wednesday. “This is our entire lives and our mental and physical health has taken a toll.” “This is the longest I've been out of the pool probably since I was seven." The swimmers spoke on “Fox & Friends” as much of New Jersey remains closed amid the coronavirus pandemic with no official end date for the stay-at-home order. On Monday, Murphy unveiled what he called a three-stage blueprint to reopen the economy from the shutdown, but gave no timeline on when stages would advance. He did, however, say moving from more restrictive practices in stage one to stage two would be a “matter of weeks.” “Jerry and I started this petition to get the attention of Governor Murphy and open up the pools for competitive swimmers’ training and we feel like the signs, what the CDC [Centers for Disease Control and Prevention] has stated about chlorine deactivating the virus, makes it possible to return safely,” Moss told host . “There is no evidence that the to people through the water in pools, hot tubs, spas, or water play areas,” the on its website, noting that “Proper operation and maintenance (including disinfection with chlorine and bromine) of these facilities should inactivate the virus in the water.” Though the water itself may not be a method of transmission, those who swim in the pool — especially if it’s a public one — could be. That’s why community pools in some states will not open this summer. When Earhardt asked Moss how the swimmers plan to be safe outside of the pool, he said, “We're going to implement the social distancing out of the pool by spacing out people outside of the deck and we won't be using facilities such as bathrooms, locker rooms and water fountains to prevent the virus from spreading.” Earhardt asked the swimmers what their message is to the governor. In response, Zheng said, “My message is that our swimmers are disciplined enough to return to the pool safely and follow the guidelines outlined by the USA Swimming.” The governor’s office did not immediately respond to Fox News’ request for comment.
https://www.foxnews.com/us/nursing-homes-swindling-residents-coronavirus-stimulus-checks-fec|2 days ago|Nursing homes swindling residents out of their coronavirus stimulus checks, FTC warns|The has warned that nursing homes in , as well as other states, have been coercing residents on Medicaid to hand over their stimulus checks. “We’ve been hearing that some facilities are trying to take the stimulus payments intended for their residents on Medicaid," FTC Elder Justice Coordinator Lois Greisman said. "Then they’re requiring those people to sign over those funds to the facility.” “Why? Well, they’re claiming that, because the person is on Medicaid, the facility gets to keep the stimulus payment,” she continued in her published May 15. “This is not just a horror story making the rounds. These are actual reports that our friends in the Iowa Attorney General’s Office have been getting — and handling. Other states have seen the same,” she said. According to the CARES Act, the economic impact payments are tax credits, and, therefore under current tax law, don’t count as “resources” for federal benefits programs, like Medicaid, Greisman said. “When Congress calls these payments 'tax credits' in the CARES Act, that means the government can’t seize them. Which means nursing homes and assisted living facilities can’t take that money from their residents just because they’re on Medicaid,” she wrote. Family members whose love ones may have already been swindled out of their stimulus checks are urged to first report the matter to their state attorney general’s office before filling out an FTC . “If a loved one lives in a nursing facility and you’re not sure what happened to their payment, talk with them soon,” Greisman wrote. “And consider having a chat with the facility’s management to make sure they know which side of the law to be on.” This comes as nursing homes and extended care facilities across the country have suffered outbreaks and have barred in-person visitations from family members to prevent further contagion. Their elderly residents remain the most at risk of severe complications or death from COVID-19. Meanwhile, the FBI has been warning against stimulus check fraud schemes since late March. After President Trump signed the federal stimulus package, authorities warned Americans awaiting their checks not to fall for robocalls and text message scams. Some text messages included malware links, which infiltrated personal devices to steal identities and other banking information. Callers, meanwhile, posed as government officials and asked for Social Security information with the false promise of sending benefit funds.
https://www.foxnews.com/us/florida-bar-owners-protests-reopen-businesses-coronavirus-shutdown|3 days ago|Florida bar owners plan protests to reopen businesses amid coronavirus shutdown|bar owners and bartenders are planning to protest shutdown, which is keeping their businesses closed while allowing restaurants and gyms to reopen. Bars and nightclubs were not given the green light to reopen under the state’s “full Phase 1” plan that when . Workers are now questioning why their businesses remain closed, while gyms and restaurants can resume service. "We're being treated unfairly," bar owner John Russo told . "If you're over 21, like my sign says, it shouldn't matter if you're 6-foot away from someone being served by a server who has a mask and gloves. Whether you're drinking a Coke or cocktail, what would be the difference?" The gyms and fitness centers to reopen at 50 percent capacity, while restaurants, retail, museums and libraries, which already were cleared to reopen earlier this month, could increase capacity to 50 percent. Protesters have planned to demonstrate Wednesday in front of the Pinellas County courthouse in Clearwater, with a second protest scheduled in Tampa, the station reported. Another protest, dubbed “The Ride to Reopen,” will be held Saturday at five bars across Central Florida. It is organized by a group of local bar owners. Two of the organizers, Patti Miracle, owner of the Seaside Tavern in Ormond-by-the-Sea, and her colleague Frank Scott, told that many bar owners in the area don’t sell food or liquor, surviving on revenue from beer and wine sales. “A lot of the bars that are closed right now, they’re going to struggle to reopen if we don’t get open soon,” Miracle said, describing them as “little mom-and-pop bars.” A website for the group says it hopes to show that bars are an essential business in their communities. It asks those who come out in support be respectful of social distancing. "The big thing now is just to get the bars open so employees can go back to work because that's all they really want and that's all we want," Scott said.
https://www.foxnews.com/health/data-reveals-highest-coronavirus-death-rate-per-nyc-zipcode|3 days ago|Brooklyn neighborhood has highest coronavirus death rate per NYC ZIP code: data|The Canarsie-Flatlands neighborhood of Brooklyn has the highest coronavirus-related death rate across all of New York City, . Months of loss, pain and turmoil by New York City health care workers, patients and families alike were boiled down and translated to a color-coded map, by the New York City Health Department, which includes COVID-19 death rates by ZIP code. The coronavirus-related death rate in the 11239 ZIP code, or the Canarsie-Flatlands neighborhood, is 612 cases per 100,000, according to the data, denoted by a deep plum color on the map. On its heels followed Far Rockaway in Queens, Flushing in Queens, Pelham Gardens in the Bronx and Coney Island in Brooklyn, as Areas around Lower Manhattan revealed the lowest death rates at 0 cases per 100,000, affirming the power of affluence in skirting the disease. The data confirmed the direct correlation between poverty and cases, hospitalizations and deaths, with cases ticking higher as financial circumstances worsen. Aside from deaths, cases in neighborhoods in West Queens and the Northeast Bronx climbed to about 4,000 per 100,000. Overall, Latino populations exceeded all other racial and ethnic groups in death rates, at 214.48 cases per 100,000, though black populations followed closely behind, at 206.04 cases per 100,000. Men across New York City took a higher toll from the coronavirus as opposed to women, the data notes, which aligns with over the discrepancy experienced overseas as well. Regardless of sex, age groups older than 75 took the largest toll from the novel coronavirus. As of Tuesday, city health department officials 16,059 confirmed deaths and 4,628 probable deaths, meaning the cause of death was reported as COVID-19 but there was not a positive laboratory test. By Tuesday, New York State reported 15,293 coronavirus deaths in New York City, according to the NYC DOH.
https://www.foxnews.com/sports/predators-matt-duchene-covid-cup-nhl-makes-push-modified-playoffs|3 days ago|Nashville Predators' Matt Duchene cautions against forcing 'COVID Cup' as NHL moves for modified playoffs|The is determined to hand out the Stanley Cup this season, but center Matt Duchene says it won’t be the same if it means sacrificing the integrity of the game. It’s been more than two months without hockey and while the league is figuring out ways to resume the season, players like Duchene are concerned that forcing the situation may be worse than the alternative. “You don’t want to have a ‘COVID Cup,’ and I’m worried that if we come back and try and force this thing and it’s a little gimmicky and it’s not quite right, whoever wins the Cup is going to have people try and take it away from them their whole lives. And they don’t deserve that,” Duchene told on Tuesday. “Our game is one of the games that has the most integrity in the world and I know our guys are going to want this to mean something if we do come back.” Duchene acknowledged that the safety of the players and everyone involved is obviously the top priority and the “biggest hurdle,” but maintaining tradition needs to be a close second. “I think the integrity of our game has to be maintained,” he said. “I think with what the Stanley Cup means, what the guys’ names on the Cup went through — 82 games and then 20-plus games to win the Stanley Cup — that’s sacrifice; that going into another team’s barn and stealing a game in front of their fans in a hostile environment, all those things, that has to be maintained as best as possible.” The league is considering ways to finish out the remaining 189 regular-season games instead of jumping straight into the playoffs. One of those plans includes a 24-team playoff format that includes some games before the postseason. “I say, let’s keep it as traditional as possible. I’d love to see us jump to a 16-team playoff, and maybe you’re going to be playing more frequently because guys are going to be more fresh.” Commissioner Gary Bettman said he hasn’t considered canceling the season and has expressed his desire to play out the remaining regular-season games if possible.
https://video.foxnews.com/v/6157991466001/|__clean_error__|__clean_error__|
https://video.foxnews.com/v/6157981595001/|__clean_error__|__clean_error__|
https://www.foxnews.com/media/laura-ingraham-how-long-can-schools-stay-closed-we-need-common-sense|3 days ago|Ingraham: We need 'common sense' solutions for schools, 'Zoom is not the answer'|Americans need to use creativity and common sense in order to bring back for their in a safe and intelligent way, Fox News' asserted Monday night. In her opening monologue on Ingraham explained that she was frustrated by hasty decisions to shutter schools based on an abundance of caution and not an abundance of data, as about three-quarters of the world's schoolchildren remain at home. "Few disagree that prolonged absence from the classroom has profound implications for children's well-being, their development and their knowledge retention. At-risk kids [are] especially vulnerable. Certainly, that makes sense. But, almost all with whom I speak are frustrated and they're frankly frightened that these closures are going to continue indefinitely," Ingraham stated. The Fox News host pointed out that most parents are not well-suited to be teaching an array of subjects, especially if they have multiple children or essential . Plus, digital and online classes "[get] old fast," may lead to a feeling of isolation, and does not engage students like in-person learning. "Yet, 192 countries pulled kids out of school. And, these decisions were based not so much on science, but out of an abundance of caution," she remarked. Ingraham called for more research into the and health risks to children and adults if they return to schools, and suggested a new way to conduct analysis. "A comparison to influenza might be illustrative," she noted. "According to the CDC's numbers...this past flu season was a very bad one for children. Well, only a handful of children died from COVID nationwide. As of May 9th, the CDC reported 174 pediatric flu deaths this season. In addition, they had 18 million medical visits and 410,000 hospitalizations due to influenza this season..." "Now," Ingraham continued, "on its website, the CDC estimates between...24,000 and 62,000 preliminary flu deaths. That's quite a range...Why didn't we hear more about the flu vis-a-vis kids in school given that number?... Even during the swine flu epidemic, only about 726 of the more than 131,000 K-12 schools in the country shut down." Ingraham contended that she was not comparing COVID-19 to the flu, but highlighting that no one had seriously considered keeping most of the nation's schoolchildren at home due to the danger of influenza. Ingraham's worry extended to her own children, as she wondered how much they had really learned this semester outside of a classroom. Her proposal? To not abandon classroom learning and for America to get creative. "Kids need school at all ages. We can protect their health and we can protect their minds. We can use our innovation and we can use our common sense," she concluded. "And no, I'm sorry, Zoom is not the answer."
https://www.foxnews.com/sports/major-league-soccer-cancels-all-star-games-coronavirus-pandemic|3 days ago|Major League Soccer cancels All-Star Games, two other events over coronavirus pandemic|announced Tuesday that the All-Star Game, Leagues Cup and Campeones Cup have been canceled as a result of the coronavirus pandemic. The league has been suspended since March 12 due to the COVID-19 outbreak that has affected people around the world. The league has been adamant about finishing the season despite the virus. The All-Star Game was set to be held at the Banc of California Stadium in Los Angeles – the home of LAFC. It would have been the first time the league hosted the game under the new format in which MLS All-Stars play the top players form Mexico’s Liga MX. The 2021 game will be under the same format. “The 2021 MLS All-Star Game and festivities are expected to take place in Los Angeles at the same venue,” the league said. “MLS and Liga MX will resume discussions regarding the event, and there is every expectation that next year’s All-Star Game will be MLS vs. Liga MX in Los Angeles. “In addition, the league is reviewing proposals from three cities to host the 2022 MLS All-Star Game. Details regarding the 2021 and 2022 All-Star Games will be announced at a later date.” The Leagues Cup and Campeones Cup have also been canceled. They are still set to be played next year. The Leagues Cup started n 2019. It is a single-elimination tournament with four teams from the MLS and Liga MX participating. The Campeones Cup is a matchup between the winner of the MLS Cup and the Liga MX champion.
https://www.foxnews.com/us/michigan-flooding-whitmer-midland-floods-rain-tittabawassee-river-dam-collapse|3 days ago|Michigan flood hits record level, dam breaches 'historic event' playing out in midst of coronavirus, Whitmer says|in central broke records early Wednesday and threatened to rise even higher after forced about 10,000 people to as the region faces an additional hardship during the pandemic. The (NWS) the in the city of reached its highest level ever Wednesday morning at 33.97 feet and is expected to rise up to 38 feet by midday. “This is unlike anything we’ve seen in Midland County,” Michigan Gov. said at a news conference on Tuesday. ”If you have a family member or loved one who lives in another part of the state, go there now." Whitmer, who declared a for Midland County, said that downtown Midland could be under 9 feet of water by midday Wednesday as the water released from the dam failures reaches the city. "We are anticipating an historic high water level," the governor said. The NWS on Tuesday evening urged anyone near the river to seek higher ground following “catastrophic dam failures” at the Edenville Dam, about 140 miles north of Detroit, and the Sanford Dam, about 7 miles downriver. Midland, a city of 42,000 about 8 miles downstream from the Sanford Dam, faced an especially serious flooding threat. Dow Chemical Co.'s main plant sits on the city's riverbank. The NWS said a flash flood emergency continued for the area until at least 2:15 p.m. on Wednesday. "This is a life threatening situation," a forecast advisory . "Seek higher ground now!" Significant flooding was reported in the city by daybreak. Water that was several feet high covered some streets near the river in downtown Midland, including riverside parkland, and reaching a hotel and parking lots. The Midland County Central Dispatch residents of further evacuations, after a dike on Poseville "broke loose" early Tuesday. As of early Wednesday, parts of the city of Midland, and the villages of Sanford and Dow Chemical had been evacuated. State officials also were working to help residents leave Tittabawassee Township, Thomas Township, and Saginaw Township. There have been no reported injuries or fatalities due to the flooding, and no reports of anyone trapped by the high water, Midland County spokeswoman Selina Tisdale said Wednesday. In response to the coming floodwaters, several shelters in high schools and family centers opened across the region, Michael Sharrow, the superintendent of Midland Public Schools, Tuesday night that a "large crowd" of elderly residents were at Midland High School. "Our community cares for each other. We're working hard to open our homes and shelters to our friends and neighbors," Midland County on Twitter "That's no small task as we are displacing about 10,000 people tonight!" The governor encouraged people to do their best to take precautions to prevent the spread of coronavirus, such as wearing a face covering and observing social distancing “to the best of your ability.” "This truly is a historic event that is playing out in the midst of another historic event," Whitmer said Tuesday night, referring to the coronavirus pandemic. As of Wednesday, there were 52,350 cases of with at least 5,017 deaths, according to Johns Hopkins University. But while the state overall has a high overall number of infections, Midland County has had only a small number of those, with fewer than 80 cases and less than 10 deaths. Still, some dealing with the flooding and evacuations remained aware of the dangers posed by the virus. Cots at some area schools set up Tuesday as shelters were spaced apart to adhere to social distancing guidelines. Catherine Sias, who lives about 1 mile from the Edenville Dam, told the Associated Press she first left home early Tuesday morning. “All of a sudden we heard the fire truck sirens going north toward the dam.” Sias, 45, said when she evacuated along M-30, a state highway and the main road through Edenville crossing the river north of town, she saw the rushing Tittabawassee River. “It was very dramatic, very fast and full of debris,” she said. Flood warnings in Michigan were issued following widespread rainfall of 4 to 7 inches starting Sunday, according to the National Weather Service. Heavy runoff pushed rivers higher. The same storm system brought heavy rain and flooding over the weekend before moving east. Several first responders were activated to help provide assistance. Among those responding to the flooding in central Michigan include the National Guard, 125 Infantry and the Red Cross. The 51st Civil Support Team also supported Dow Chemical. Michigan State Police authorized air, land and marine vehicles to help, according to FOX2. In 2018, the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission the license of the company that operated the Edenville Dam due to non-compliance issues that included spillway capacity and the inability to pass the most severe flood reasonably possible in the area. The Edenville Dam, which was built in 1924, was rated in unsatisfactory condition in 2018 by the state. The Sanford Dam, which was built in 1925, received a fair condition rating. Both dams are in the process of being sold.
https://www.foxnews.com/world/coroanvirus-pastor-jail-service-myanmar|3 days ago|Canadian pastor faces 3 years in jail for defying Myanmar's coronavirus ban|A pastor in Southeast who preached a sermon telling churchgoers they would be immune to -- then contracted COVID himself -- is facing charges for organizing services in defiance of Myanmar government orders. Pastor David Lah, a Myanmar-born citizen, faces three years in prison, alongside three others in the city of Yangon for continuing services after a ban was imposed on March 13, according to Christian persecution watchdog . On Wednesday, Lah made his first court appearance, where the judge ordered his detention for 15 days pending a possible trail while police continue their investigation. Lah made no public comments. In a sermon in late March, Lah told followers: “If you hear the sermon of God, the virus will never come to you, I declare it with the soul of Jesus Christ.” Weeks later, 20 people allegedly tested positive, including Lah and a famous Myanmar rockstar named Myo Gyi, according to local reports. He was not arrested at the time by authorities because he was in the hospital with COVID-19, reports. He is currently quarantining at a hotel through May 19, after which legal proceedings against him are expected to continue. Canadian officials are in contact with Lah offering consular services and he is on the list for evacuation for the end of May. "Given his Canadian citizenship and the publicity surrounding his case, the Burmese government might grant him a lighter sentence, or deport him once he is done with his quarantine," Jeff King, ICC president, told Fox News on Tuesday. “Because of Lah’s action, many Christians in Myanmar face criticism and have sensed hostilities towards them in the Buddhist majority country,” ICC added in a statement. “Christian leaders have appealed to citizens to work together to fight COVID-19 in unity and love as anti-Christian sentiment surges on social media. They also urged people not to post and share fake news, photos and videos on Facebook that may be offensive to religion.” The Southeast Asian country has confirmed 188 cases with at least 6 deaths.
https://www.foxnews.com/travel/qatar-airways-cabin-crew-full-ppe-suits-flights|3 days ago|Qatar Airways cabin crew to wear full PPE suits during flights|Welcome aboard — and don’t mind our PPE. Qatar has announced that will begin wearing hazmat-style suits during flights to enhance onboard safety amid the . Starting on Monday, cabin crew staffers will sport disposable, full-body, personal protective equipment (PPE) suits over their uniforms, accessorized with safety goggles, gloves and a mask. Qatar’s flag-carrying carrier described the new safety measure as “temporary” , with the uniform change coinciding with a new in-flight rule for customers. Effective May 25, passengers must wear facial coverings during all flights; Qatar recommends that people bring their own face masks, but remains unclear if the airline would provide them otherwise. “At Qatar Airways, we have introduced these additional safety measures onboard our flights to ensure the continued health and wellbeing of our passengers and cabin crew, and to limit the spread of coronavirus,” Qatar Airways CEO Akbar Al Baker said of the news. “As an airline, we maintain the highest possible hygiene standards to ensure that we can fly people home safely during this time and provide even greater reassurance that safety is our number one priority.” “Seeing as we are still flying the world’s largest international network by operating flights to more than 30 destinations around the world, and aiming to grow our network again in the coming months, these onboard safety measures will assist us in achieving our goals.” In recent weeks, aircrew members have already been wearing PPE such as gloves and face masks, while on duty amid the ongoing outbreak of the novel coronavirus. More information about to the ongoing outbreak, including changes to food service, the closure of on-board socialization areas, and availability of hand sanitizer throughout the plane, is available at their
https://www.foxnews.com/food-drink/costco-shopper-ignore-mask-throw-out-viral-video|3 days ago|Costco shopper who ignores mask requirement is booted from store by employee, viral video shows|This guy must not be aware of . A defiant Costco filmed himself being booted from the big-box retailer for refusing to wear a face covering — and now the Costco employee who kicked him out is being praised on social media. The Costco member, who has been dubbed “Costco Kevin” on Reddit, had apparently been ignoring the superstore's very clear rules about face covering requirements when he was confronted about his lack of a mask by an employee identified as Tison. The Costco shopper then started filming, telling Tison he was going to put the video on his “3,000-follower Instagram feed” of “mostly locals,” but the confrontation probably didn’t go as the customer was expecting. In the video, Tison can be seen speaking directly to the customer’s camera, addressing not only the customer, but any social media followers who might see the footage. “Hi everyone. I work for Costco and I’m asking this member to put on a mask because that is our company policy,” said Tison. “And I’m not doing it, because I woke up in a free country,” the shopper responded. Tison then took away the customer’s shopping cart, telling him that he was “no longer welcome” in the warehouse. At this point, the customer briefly appeared to change his tune, saying he’d leave the store and allow his female companion to finish shopping (after instructing her to put on a mask herself), but then hurled a string of derogatory names at Tison as he walked away. The shopper later uploaded the footage to Reddit before removing it, according to . (Another Reddit user claimed it was “downvoted into oblivion,” prompting the shopper to remove it.) Despite this, the video has been captured and reposted on other social media accounts, including that of the ONLY iN LVNV Twitter account, where it has amassed as of Wednesday morning. Most of the commenters praised Tison for upholding the store’s policy, with some even urging Costco to give him a raise. "God bless Tison and all the other folks working in retail, restaurant and other [service] industries... just trying to do their jobs and keep us safe," Others, meanwhile, questioned why the shopper thought his freedoms extended into a Costco Warehouse. Despite removing the first video, the Costco shopper later issued , claiming he had “every f---ing right not to wear a mask” before repeatedly calling the other mask-wearing shoppers “sheep.” He also repeatedly stated that he was the only person in that Costco who was breaking the store’s face-covering rule, and tried to use this reasoning to defend his actions. “… If everyone else is wearing a mask, then one person should be able to fly, if anything,” the shopper said. Costco, meanwhile, has been clear about its since shortly before the rule went into effect on May 4. “We know some members may find this inconvenient or objectionable, but under the circumstances we believe the added safety is worth any inconvenience,” wrote Craig Jelinek, president and CEO of Costco, in to its members just prior to May 4. “This is not simply a matter of personal choice; a face covering protects not just the wearer, but others too.” A representative for Costco told Fox News that the company had "no comment" on the incident.
https://video.foxnews.com/v/6157979056001/|__clean_error__|__clean_error__|
https://www.foxnews.com/entertainment/bachelor-amanda-stanton-defends-decision-drive-california-arizona-hair-salon-coronavirus|3 days ago|'Bachelor's' Amanda Stanton defends decision to drive from California to Arizona hair salon: 'Doing my best'|" " star Amanda Stanton is defending herself after she drove for hours across state lines to get her hair done amid the pandemic. The 30-year-old mother of two was hit with backlash on Monday after announcing she drove from her home state of California to Arizona with her young daughter in tow so they could make it to her preferred hair salon. She initially announced her road trip on Instagram, declaring that she drove "very, very" far and stopped to relieve herself on a dirt road because she was "scared to use public restrooms", according to . Some of Stanton's followers didn't take issue and complimented her when she showed off her freshly highlighted blonde locks. But a number of critics took to her comments section of Instagram to call her "vain" and question her parenting skills. One follower said she was "confused" about why Stanton felt it was "essential" to drive for hours with her daughter in a car just to get pampered. On Tuesday night, the former ABC contestant posted a number of arguments defending her decision. "I was really affected by some of the backlash I received yesterday and wish I didn't care so much about what other people thought about me or feel the need to defend myself sometimes (especially when I know I'm doing my best)," Stanton wrote above a selfie of her treated hair. The reality star explained she's been "severely anxious" and is "used to being on the go." Being in quarantine has caused her to begin "obsessing over character flaws and replaying/over analyzing mistakes I've made," she explained. In a separate Instagram Story, Stanton said she received the "SWEETEST messages" from some of her followers after she admitted to suffering from anxiety. She then said she does not regret making the trip to the Arizona salon because it made her daughter Kinsley's day. "Aside from the backlash yesterday, I feel so much better that I got my hair done and Kins had the best day ever at the hair salon. She told me 'this almost feels like a normal day' and It made my heart cry happy tears," she added. Despite "picking" herself "apart," Stanton explained that she's also taken a look in the mirror and noticed some positive traits about herself during quarantine. "I don't compare myself to others and I am always genuinely happy for everyone and celebrate everyone's successes and happiness!" Stanton wrote. "I hope my kids see that and learn by example."
https://www.foxnews.com/health/us-births-fall-and-coronavirus-could-drive-them-down-more|3 days ago|US births fall, and coronavirus could drive them down more|U.S. births continued to fall last year, leading to the fewest number of newborns in 35 years. The decline is the latest sign of a prolonged national “baby bust” that's been going on for more than a decade. And some experts believe the pandemic and its impact on the economy will suppress the numbers further. "This unpredictable environment, and anxiety about the future, is going to make women think twice about having children,” said Dr. Denise Jamieson, chair of obstetrics and gynecology at Emory University. The latest numbers were released Wednesday by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC). The report, which is considered preliminary, is based on a review of more than 99 percent of birth certificates issued last year. The CDC found the number of births fell about 1 percent from 2018, to about 3.7 million. Birth rates continued to fall for teen moms and for women in their 20s. Aside from a one-year uptick in 2014, U.S. births have been falling every year since 2007, when a recession hit the country. The drop continued even after the economy rebounded. Experts say there are a number of causes, but chief among them are shifting attitudes about motherhood: Many women and couples delay childbearing and have fewer kids once they start. The economy is a factor, but not because of short-term cycles in hiring. Many jobs are low-paying and unstable, and that coupled with high rents and other factors have caused women and couples to be much more cautious about having kids, said Dr. John Santelli, a Columbia University professor of population and family health. It's unclear what will happen to births this year, said Brady Hamilton, the CDC report's lead author. The impact of the last few months' events won't become clear in maternity wards until late this year or early next, he said. Santelli said it's possible births will go up, at least among some groups. Access to birth control and abortion has become more difficult, and some homebound couples may find themselves with greater opportunity to conceive, he said. But others say it's more likely births will plummet. The idea that there will be a lot of “coronababies” is “widely perceived as a myth,” said Hans-Peter Kohler, a University of Pennsylvania fertility researcher. The debate most demographers are having is not about whether there will be a decline, but whether it will be lasting, he said. “The decline due to COVID-19 might be different given the extent and severity of the crisis, and the long-lasting uncertainty that is caused by it,” Kohler wrote in an email. Other highlights from the CDC report: — Birth rates fell last year for nearly all age groups up to 34 years old, but rose for women in their early 40s. — The birth rate for 15– to 19-year-olds dropped 5 percent from 2019. It's fallen almost every year since 1991. — The cesarean delivery rate dropped to under 32 percent. — The percentage of infants born at less than 37 weeks of gestation inched up for the fifth year in a row, to more than 10 percent.
https://www.foxnews.com/health/as-coronavirus-rages-on-opioid-epidemic-does-too|3 days ago|As coronavirus rages on, the opioid epidemic does too|As fears of sweep across the United States, many people have been forced to stay home and isolate for months. Away from jobs, friends and many loved ones, this quarantine has proven mentally challenging for everyone. And for those battling drug addiction, the ability to fight this highly contagious illness, along with the urge to use, could have more longstanding consequences. “With the stay-at-home orders, the isolation, for people — especially in recovery, especially newly recovering people — the first year of recovery, they've really lost their entire support network,” said Dr. Deni Carise, chief scientific officer at Recovery Centers of America. In 2018, the reported that there were 14,809 substance abuse treatment facilities operating in the United States. For that same year, SAMHSA suggested that 21.2 million people aged 12 or older needed substance use treatment, which is roughly 1 in 13 individuals in the U.S. And in-person meetings and community connection is a huge part of post-addiction recovery. Since the arrival of COVID-19, that type of treatment has become much more difficult. A process like Narcotics Anonymous and other 12-step or recovery programs created to hold people accountable to their community and peers are now moving to a virtual space. Carise said that since the outbreak, the addiction community is trying to find new ways to maintain the connection they need using virtual outpatient services. Some experts say that type of connection can be difficult and often overwhelming for those in recovery to navigate. “Recovery is connection,” said Brian Corson, founder and executive director of MVP Recovery Now. Corson, who is in long-term recovery, founded MVP Recovery Now, which is a sober living community in rural Pennsylvania. The group operates 20 recovery homes with about 125 people in the community. It’s designed for people who are just coming out of treatment where residents typically stay nine to 12 months. "We focus on life skills,” he said. “It's necessary for someone to continue to be successful in long-term recovery." MVP Recovery Now is fortunate in that they’re able to continue with house meetings and connected activities within group homes during the coronavirus pandemic. But for those who are not as fortunate, there is an even bigger threat of relapse. Corson said that the danger of relapsing from addiction is comparative with contracting coronavirus. “If you look at the numbers when it comes to contracting, and then recovering from COVID-19,” said Corson, "those numbers are a lot better than if somebody goes back out and starts active addiction.” In 2018, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) reported that over 67,000 Americans died from drug-involved overdoses. Of that number, nearly 47,000 died from an overdose related to opioids. These figures have been deemed successful because it was the first year where total drug overdoses — in particular opioid overdoses — have decreased. At the end of 2019, the Department of Health and Human Services granted more than $9 billion to states and communities to combat the opioid crisis. The data suggest that increased funding, access to treatment, and knowledge surrounding the epidemic was helping even the hardest-hit communities. Dr. Berta Madras, a psychobiologist with Harvard Medical School and McLean Hospital, said that in this world of distance medicine that easy access is being challenged. "I think it has created a much heavier burden on people with substance use disorders than would be created under normal conditions,” said Madras. “There is a tremendous fear to show up in person and seek help, medical help.” She also suggested that many of the issues that coronavirus has exacerbated in the addiction community could last even after the virus has subsided. “I think the isolation, the stress, the fear, the lack of social supports, are all feeding into another storm,” said Madras. “That's brewing for people with substance use disorders. I'm very concerned about it.” Experts say the long-term ramifications of the coronavirus i.e. the lack of routine, job loss and overall anxiety, could create a wave of relapses that might mirror the spike in overdose deaths seen in 2016. They have started to call these cases “deaths of despair” and indicate that those who struggle with addiction will feel the social and economic impact of COVID-19 the hardest. “In the midst of this isolation, in the midst of everything that's going on in our communities, things have the potential of getting worse,” said Corson. “And we need to have the proper resources, funding and support to be available on the other end of this.” Madras agreed that it's a reality both the medical community and policymakers need to accept and get a jump on in order for the country as a whole to recover. “I think that we have to recognize that and we have to accommodate and adjust to it, otherwise we're going to have much greater problems than even in the past,” she cautioned. Another element of surprise may be the lack of immediate reporting surrounding drug and overdose deaths. The research on overdoses published by groups like SAMHSA and the CDC are at least a year old — meaning we may not know how virtual recovery treatment and the overall drug epidemic during COVID-19 have affected Americans until well into 2021. Like with most of the coronavirus-related problems, the solution is unclear. Experts agreed that the focus on jobs and job creation — in addition to continued treatment efforts — is one way to try and head off the problem before it becomes too large. "I do think that having a focus on jobs, having a focus on social supports, that our opioid commission reports stressed," said Madras. "I think we have to recognize that this is something that is going to be a critical component in our ... nation's recovery overall." And in the meantime, Corson said that helping someone in recovery can be as simple as giving them a phone call. “Just check in on them, see how they're doing. And be someone on the other end.”
https://video.foxnews.com/v/6157975044001/|__clean_error__|__clean_error__|
https://www.foxnews.com/science/coronavirus-pandemic-beaten-with-rolling-50-day-on-30-day-off-lockdown-plan|3 days ago|Coronavirus pandemic could be beaten with rolling 50-day on, 30-day off lockdown plan: study|Countries across the world, including the U.S., are in various phases of reopening, but concerns of a so-called "second wave" of the pandemic have cropped up. A new study suggests that intermittent lockdowns followed by periods of easing could be an "effective strategy for reducing the number of COVID-19-related deaths." The research suggests a strategy of being on strict lockdown for 50 days, followed by a 30-day regimen of more relaxed social distancing could reduce the number of people each infected individual infects to 0.5 in all countries. "Our models predict that dynamic cycles of 50-day suppression followed by a 30-day relaxation are effective at lowering the number of deaths significantly for all countries throughout the 18-month period," the study's lead author, Dr. Rajiv Chowdhury, a global health epidemiologist the University of Cambridge, said in a . Additionally, the authors noted this approach could keep the number of patients in ICU below the available capacity and not overwhelm the hospital system. The pandemic would result in a longer event, "beyond 18 months in all countries," but the number of people who would die across the 16 countries modeled would be just over 130,000. “This intermittent combination of strict social distancing, and a relatively relaxed period, with efficient testing, case isolation, contact tracing and shielding the vulnerable, may allow populations and their national economies to ‘breathe’ at intervals – a potential that might make this solution more sustainable, especially in resource-poor regions,” Chowdhury added. To date, the pandemic, which started in December 2019 in Wuhan, China, has resulted in more than 323,000 global deaths, according to data compiled by Johns Hopkins University. Of those, nearly 92,000 deaths have occurred in the U.S., the most affected country on the planet. Two other scenarios were considered, including one where governments around the world take no measures. In this scenario, the pandemic would conclude in approximately six months, but 7.8 million deaths would occur in the 16 countries modeled. A second scenario also looked at a 50-day lockdown and 30-day relaxed cycle, albeit one less strict than the aforementioned plan. Under this structure, the pandemic would last "approximately 12 months in high-income countries" and 18 months or more in other countries. It would also result in more than 3.5 million deaths, while simultaneously overwhelming the ICU and critical care capacity in hospitals around the world. The 16 countries that were included in the model are: Australia, Belgium, Chile, the Netherlands, Sri Lanka, South Africa, Mexico, Colombia, Bangladesh, India, Pakistan, Nigeria, Uganda, Tanzania, Afghanistan and Burkina Faso. Despite the outcome of the study, the researchers conceded these rolling lockdowns may not be best suited for every country and is just one option to be considered by lawmakers and public health officials. “There’s no simple answer to the question of which strategy to choose," University of Bern professor and one of the study's co-authors Oscar Franco added. "Countries – particularly low-income countries – will have to weigh up the dilemma of preventing COVID-19 related deaths and public health system failure with the long-term economic collapse and hardship.” The research has been published in the . Earlier this week, data from the Korean Centers for Disease Control and Prevention appear to that patients who test positive for COVID-19 after having previously recovered are not capable of transmitting the infection. As of Wednesday morning, more than 4.91 million coronavirus cases have been diagnosed worldwide, more than 1.53 million of which are in the U.S., the most impacted country on the planet.
https://www.foxnews.com/world/new-zealand-jacinda-ardern-four-day-workweek-coronavirus|3 days ago|New Zealand’s Jacinda Ardern suggests four-day workweek could help rebuild economy after coronavirus pandemic|’s prime minister suggested a four-day workweek could help revitalize the country’s hard-hit economy after the pandemic. Jacinda Ardern, speaking in a on Monday, said flexible working options and more public holidays are possibilities to stimulate the economy and encourage domestic tourism while the country’s borders remain closed to foreign visitors. “The question for me is, how do we encourage Kiwis to … get out and about, and visit some of the amazing places and tourism offerings that we have,” she asked. New Zealand imposed one of the world’s strictest lockdowns in an effort to curb the spread of the COVID-19 virus – along the way earning praise for its success in doing just that. The South Pacific island nation has recorded 1,503 positive coronavirus cases and 21 deaths. More than 1,400 of the patients who tested positive have since recovered. Last week, it slowly started reopening parts of its economy, allowing to open their doors for the first time in two months. However, the country’s success in mitigating the spread of the virus has been somewhat overshadowed by its now wilting economy. Ardern said last week that her nation faces the most challenging economic conditions since the Great Depression. The government revealed its plans to borrow and spend vast amounts of money in an attempt to keep unemployment below 10 percent. “New Zealand is about to enter a very tough winter,” she said. “But every winter eventually is followed by spring, and if we make the right choices we can get New Zealanders back to work and our economy working quickly again.” Ardern said it will be up to employers and employees to figure out if a four-day workweek would be possible for their respective businesses. “But as I’ve said, there’s just so much we’ve learned about COVID and that flexibility of people working from home, the productivity that can be driven out of that,” she said. “I’d really encourage people to think about that if you’re an employer and in a position to do so. To think about if that’s something that would work for your workplace because it certainly would help tourism all around the country.” One Kiwi businessman, who transitioned his company’s 200 employees to a four-day workweek in 2018, said it could be a solution post-pandemic. Andrew Barnes, whose company Perpetual Guardian has gained worldwide attention, told local reporters that the shift made his employees happier, more productive, and improved mental and physical health. “New Zealand could definitely go to a four-day week in the aftermath of COVID, and in fact, it would be a strategy to rebuild the economy and particularly the hard-hit tourism market as it pivots to a domestic focus,” he told on Monday. “We need to retain all the productivity benefits working from home has brought, including cleaner air and a lack of gridlock, lost productivity from commuting while helping businesses stay afloat. We have to be bold with our model. This is an opportunity for a massive reset.” Successful implementation of four-day workweeks has been seen elsewhere around the world. Microsoft’s Japan office switched to this model late last year and Australian digital marketing agency Versa saw after implementing a model that saw the office closed on Wednesdays.
https://www.foxnews.com/opinion/dr-rashid-a-chotani-medical-treatment-for-non-coronavirus-patients-must-resume-heres-how-to-do-it|3 days ago|Dr. Rashid A. Chotani: Medical treatment for non-coronavirus patients must resume – Here’s how to do it safely|To meet head-on, the American medical community has had no choice but to make the pandemic our primary focus. We have been forced to retool by opening more beds, canceling elective procedures (including non-emergency surgeries), converting operating rooms into intensive care units, and a whole lot more. But we are beginning to see that turning our attention away from other illnesses and conditions comes at a serious cost. An analysis by The New York Times demonstrates that more Americans have died of non-COVID-19 causes in the first third of 2020 than in the first third of 2019. Were these deaths also the result of COVID-19 and simply not recorded as such? Or have we been paying so much attention to COVID-19 that we have neglected other threats? As we continue our fight against this pandemic, we must adapt to meet the needs not only of those infected with SARS-CoV-2 (the coronavirus that causes COVID-19), but also of those Americans who require medical treatment unrelated to the pandemic. A vital step forward is reopening our hospitals and clinics for elective surgeries and other procedures that cannot be handled via telemedicine. But is this a step we can safely take? A recent report from Nature suggests that as many as 40 percent of infections occur in the days before patients become symptomatic themselves. In order to safely reopen our hospitals, we need to make sure that doing so won’t precipitate the resurgence of the disease. We argue that a vital approach to keep this risk down is to adopt an intelligent testing strategy for SARS-CoV-2. This strategy must achieve two goals: We must test patients to keep our hospital staff safe, and test hospital staff to ensure infection does not transmit from the hospital back into the community. The first challenge is to reduce the risk that an asymptomatic patient will accidentally spread the virus when coming in for an elective procedure. The currently available tests will not catch every such case, but they can identify the vast majority. When coupled with the use of personal protective equipment (PPE) – which is no longer as scarce as before – such screenings could make a considerable difference in our ability to reopen. Testing asymptomatic patients requires that we use different types of tests and interpret them together to achieve higher accuracies. The Polymerase Chain Reaction (PCR) testing for viral RNA is the first test to become positive, doing so around four to five days after infection, but it also has a high false-negative rate and becomes less accurate over time. By contrast, antibody testing typically starts to catch positive cases seven days after infection, but becomes increasingly accurate over time. By testing patients on the day before or day of their procedures, we are more likely to catch asymptomatic cases. Testing medical staff represents a different challenge. Regular testing of large asymptomatic groups can entail a logistical and financial burden upon the hospital or clinic. To meet this challenge, two plausible solutions are point-of-care antibody testing and pooled testing. The point-of-care (POC) antibody testing approach has the ability to test large numbers of suspected cases even without swift access to a central laboratory. Although positive POC antibody test results would require confirmation by PCR or laboratory testing, the team can take provisional protective actions while awaiting those results. Additionally, antibody screening can reveal the prevalence of prior infections and shed light on the prevalence of SARS-CoV-2 in the overall population being examined. The alternative solution entails the use of “pooled testing” that enables the testing of large groups with relatively few tests. The concept is simple: instead of testing each individual separately, the samples from a large number of individuals are divided into a few groups, so that fewer need to be run. If the test is negative, the entire group is considered free of the virus; if the group is positive, subgroups are then tested until the positive individual or individuals are successfully identified. Recent experience shows that a single positive result from RNA testing will still test positive after the addition of 63 negative samples. Once we have tested enough to understand which populations are at a higher or lower risk, we can then tailor the size of each testing group accordingly, thereby further minimizing the number of tests. The use of pooled testing can enormously reduce the burden on health care amidst this pandemic. There is no doubt that for our health care system to work, it must not only meet the demands of COVID-19 patients, but must concurrently be able to continue to treat other unrelated illnesses and injuries. Hospitals and clinics must reopen. But to reopen safely, they must employ intelligent testing strategies that embrace both viral RNA and antibody testing. Only then can we provide great care that defies SARS-CoV-2.
https://www.foxnews.com/health/what-commuting-in-nyc-will-look-like-after-the-coronavirus|3 days ago|What commuting in NYC will look like after the coronavirus|New York City’s mass transit system has kept running throughout the pandemic — but it is a ghost of its former self. Ridership on the subway is . Service is running . For the first time ever, the subways close for so the MTA can clean and cops can clear out the homeless . Even ridership on the breezier New York City Ferry Service . Meanwhile, almost half of New York City residents plan to avoid mass transit when coronavirus lockdowns begin to ease off, — and drivers back into the streets. As the Big Apple moves towards lifting lockdowns, here’s what experts say the future of commuting in New York City could look like. It’s been more than 70 days since Mayor Bill de Blasio to avoid mass transit, and MTA officials continue to push the message that the system is reserved only for essential workers. “Our goal right now is to carry first responders and essential employees to and from work,” MTA Chairman Pat Foye told WCBS Radio on Friday. “Those are nurses and doctors and utility workers and grocery store workers and transit workers of course, and all the other people who are keeping New York running right now.” But even as the city’s economy reopens and the MTA welcomes other commuters aboard, health experts expect many former riders to opt out until there is a coronavirus vaccine. “Anytime there’s a lot of crowding — especially if people are coughing and sneezing and you’re in an enclosed space — that’s not a good place to be,” said Dr. Isaac Weisfuse, a medical epidemiologist from Cornell University Public Health and the former deputy commissioner of the city health department. “People who might have relied on the subway a lot more in the past will probably rely on it less.” The state-run agency itself has said it to be at a mere 50 to 60 percent of pre-pandemic levels at the end of the year. Many of those opting out could instead start crowding the roads — or CitiBike docks. According to a recent poll by research firm Elucd, 31.5 percent of locals plan to use transit less by walking, biking or driving when lockdowns are lifted. Biking and driving already appear to be on the upswing. Vehicle miles traveled across the New York region rose to for the first time earlier this month. And bike crossings over the four East River Bridges during the first weekend of May this year were nearly double an average May weekend last year. For those who do brave the transit system, the MTA is already and has placed social-distancing floor markings at a handful of Upper East Side stations. It has also ramped up cleaning, special “anti-microbial” disinfectants, as well as UV lamps on trains, in an effort to kill the virus. But officials that keeping six feet of distance between riders on trains and buses will be all but impossible in the future. Foye last last week said “everything is on the table” as the agency tries to figure out how it can move forward. One idea he has pitched is using “Ticketmaster technology” to ensure fewer straphangers — though he admitted it would be logistically challenging. Experts have suggested a number of other measures to make transit safer — or at least make commuters feel like it is. Ideas that have been floated include: cordoning off every other seat, opening windows to bring in more fresh air, splitting trains into “A” and “B” cars so that only certain doors open at certain stations, installing hand-sanitizer dispensers, creating apps to tell riders if the next train or bus is too full, and tech that can identify people with fevers. AECOM Digital Innovation VP Orla Pease said her firm is helping connect American transit leaders with ideas being tested in Asian and European countries that are further along in the pandemic. One novel idea: turning up the lights, which Pease said will make stations at least feel cleaner. “When you go to a darker part of the station, it gives the perception that it isn’t as clean,” she said. The already cash-strapped agency thanks to the virus, but health experts said money will have to be invested to get results. “There are things that you can do that, yes, they may require more public resources, but will have a bigger impact,” said Hofstra University public health professor Dr. Anthony Santella. “You can’t just tell everyone not to use public transportation.” The level of overcrowding may also depend on decisions made outside transit agencies, experts said — employers can help by keeping workers at home, or staggering start times if they can’t. “In 1918 [during the Spanish Flu pandemic] what they did is they made certain time periods for certain industries, if you were a grocer you could take the subway between 9 and 9:30 for example,” Weisfuse said. Meanwhile, the city’s roads will become even more gridlocked than before as commuters ditch mass transit — unless leaders start preparing to make changes now. If just one out of every four former transit commuter switched to driving, the average car trip would increase by over seven minutes, by Vanderbilt University engineering professor Dan Work. “If they’re in single-occupancy vehicles, then we’re looking at a post-pandemic reality where traffic is worse,” he said. “I hope I’m wrong and that none of those travel time increases materialize. All these scenarios are preventable. All that traffic is a huge economic and environmental loss.” Mohamed Mezghani of the International Association of Public Transport put it more bluntly. “The city will collapse because of the increased congestion,” he said. “That’s the main challenge.”
https://www.foxnews.com/opinion/tucker-carlson-china-russia-collusion-coronavirus|3 days ago|Tucker Carlson: China benefited most while our leaders were consumed with the Russia collusion hoax|For three years, our entire professional class hectored us about the overweening threat we supposedly faced from . Russia, you'll remember, had somehow hacked American democracy during the 2016 presidential campaign. Russian agents had infiltrated our government at the highest levels. Honorable former naval officers -- people who seemed honorable, anyway, like Carter Page -- were, in fact, secret stooges of 's and they were working toward diabolical ends with political consultants like Roger Stone. It was all hiding in plain sight, and it was working. Forget Mexico or Saudi Arabia or the United Arab Emirates or many other countries. It was Russia, more than any other place that threatened America's sovereignty, that was actually in control of our foreign policy. That's the story they told us. None of it was ever plausible. In fact, it was completely absurd. It was obviously absurd. There was never any evidence that it was true, but they kept saying, day after tiresome day, until it stuck. Until every single CNN viewer, every single PBS donor, every subscriber to The New Yorker Magazine believed it as a matter of religious faith. Russia hacked our democracy. It was almost on their tote bags. It was their mantra. These people -- brandishing their silly credentials like we have a moral obligation to listen to them because they know what they're talking about. They were fools. Reading their stupid talking points again and again, like they were real. But they were doing it for a reason. The beauty of the Russia fable was that it allowed these people, our ruling class, to ignore the huge number of actual problems the United States faced, problems that, in many cases, they caused or at the very least, failed to solve. The that has killed tens of thousands, hundreds of thousands, over time. The that is essentially open. A disappearing middle class, the core of our country. The rise of , and then, of course, any number of counterproductive foreign wars that should have ended long ago. For three years, nobody in Washington talked about any of this. In fact, failing to worry about Russia exclusively invited suspicion on you. If you wanted, for example, American troops home from the Middle East or if you wondered aloud why no one seemed to care when your 23-year-old niece died of a fentanyl OD, that might be evidence you, too, are colluding with Russia. And that's not an exaggeration. Susan Rice -- who seems smart, she went to Stanford -- admitted later that she decided Michael Flynn was a Russian spy because he talked too much about China, and that's what Russian spies do. Now, was elected -- no one thought he would be -- precisely because he talked about issues like these, the ones that mattered. That was a massive threat. So they derailed, to a large extent, his first term agenda, using a hoax concocted by the administration he replaced. Who benefited from this? Well, the people who thought it up. But nobody benefited more than the Chinese government. While our leaders in Washington wasted literally years accusing each other of working for Putin, China grew more powerful. It grew closer to replacing the United States as the world's dominant nation. By the time this version of spread West from Wuhan, China was calling many of the shots internationally. We didn't even know it until the crisis hit. For example, the U.S. has given far more money than any other nation to the World Health Organization. And yet strangely, our ally, Taiwan, still is not a member of the WHO. Why is that? Only one reason -- China doesn't want them to be, and so they're not. China is effectively in control of the WHO. You want proof? Watch the director of the World Health Organization repeat the most ridiculous Chinese propaganda as if it were all completely true with an utterly straight face. As always, if you want to know who is really in charge, watch the lies they tell. So, the new standard the fake doctor you just saw is promoting, in the end, created the worst economic calamity since the Great Depression, a calamity that China benefited immensely from. China may be the only country on the globe that has become stronger in the face of this. No doubt, the Chinese government was pleased with what their puppets at the WHO accomplished. On Monday night, the released a letter to the World Health Organization warning that the U.S. will suspend funding permanently if the organization doesn't reform itself right away and wean itself from China. We'll see if that happens. Either way, though, the problem is much bigger than just the World Health Organization. China's tentacles extend almost everywhere in our society. The Chinese government is now deeply enmeshed in higher education in this country. It is not an overstatement. A number of university professors, including one on Tuesday, have been arrested for spying on behalf of Beijing. Literally spies on campus -- tenured spies. China has profound influence in Hollywood, you know that. And professional sports, we saw that last year; and in corporate America, up and down the chain. The Chinese own huge amounts of real estate throughout this country -- one of the reasons your kids can't afford to live in our cities. All of this has changed our lives in profound ways, but all of it happened with very little public notice. Why? Because the people making it possible didn't want to advertise it. They were getting very rich from it. Every ambitious climber in corporate America knows the rules now. Don't offend Beijing, and you could be rewarded. The head of Disney's streaming service just left to become CEO of TikTok, a Chinese company. That may appall you, but in corporate America, many are envious. They wish they were him. Washington hasn't been immune to this, either. China's influence is everywhere in the capital city. Former Senator Joe Lieberman lobbies for China now. Hard to believe, isn't it? Samir Jain was a top cybersecurity official for the . Now, he lobbies for Huawei. And those are just a couple of the very few who have followed the law and actually registered under FARA as foreign lobbyists. Hunter Biden never bothered to do that. Biden worked hard to sell his access to politicians in Washington -- presumably his father, , chief among them -- to investors who were getting rich in China. It was never a secret. Many people in Washington knew exactly what Hunter Biden was doing, and they didn't say anything to anybody. Why? Because it didn't seem weird to them. It wasn't strange. So many other well-connected people were doing the same thing -- selling access to elected officials in Washington to the Chinese. Nancy Pelosi still doesn't understand why any of this is a big deal. Pelosi has spent decades bowing to the Chinese government even as she attacks this country is racist and backward, as she does virtually every day of the week. Just the other day, Pelosi announced that no conversation about China is legitimate. It's all a distraction. Yes, it's a "diversion." How many antibiotics do we make in this country in the middle of a pandemic? Let's see. Zero. None. All in China. Just a diversion. When you watch something like Pelosi's statement, a terrifying thought creeps up from the back of your mind. Is China now too strong to criticize? Is our only option to submit? Maybe. We'll find out. Even now, there's certainly downsides for anyone who dare say a negative word about Beijing. China is now threatening to punish elected American officials who dare to criticize the Chinese response to coronavirus. Hard to believe? They're saying that out loud.
https://www.foxnews.com/media/northern-nj-business-owners-trying-to-convince-governor-to-let-them-open|3 days ago|New Jersey businesses petition Gov. Murphy to let them reopen: The politicians are still 'getting paid'|Three northern owners are working together to try to convince Democratic Gov. that they are ready to reopen their doors amid the pandemic. In an interview on Laura Ali, CEO of Triple Win Sales in Chatham, explained that the coalition started out as a small roundtable discussion, and now "Unlock New Jersey" has gathered almost 2,000 signatures on a petition advocating for their cause. "We had over 30 business owners from all over Morris County join us. And, from there the conversations just started. The ideas just started getting churned. And then, we had another meeting with more people and it just took off from there," she stated. The owner of Rose City Jewelers, Joe Falco, said he has lost business to big box stores and online retailers because of COVID-19 mandates. His father opened the Madison store following . "Completely shuttering small business is the greatest boondoggle in American business history," he remarked. "All these big box stores and online behemoths are open. And, some of them are selling jewelry and other goods. And, we are ordered closed." He added that politicians across the country continue to be paid, while businesses are taking a significant hit or having to rely on federal assistance. "This has caused a class struggle. ... The only people that are really hurting are the working-class and family businesses," said Falco, adding that a jewelry store is very low-risk for spreading infections as long as precautions are taken. "My father said that only one nation in the history of mankind fought two wars opposite sides of the Earth and we won them both. Well, we are fighting the COVID war and we are fighting a business war. And Americans, we can win them both," Falco added. Justin Depasquale, owner of Despasquale: The Spa in Morris Plains, announced that there is a standing invitation for the governor at his salon. "I would love to invite the governor here and have him be the first client and show them that the hair salon and spa industry is the most responsible industry out there," he told Doocy. Depasquale: The Spa would have contactless check-ins and check-outs, high-grade sanitation cleaning solutions, personal protective gear, masks and wellness checks for anybody entering the facility, he explained. "And, what I think people need to remember most is that not only do we make people feel beautiful on the outside but we make them feel beautiful and give them hope on the inside as well. So, more than ever I feel we are going to be part of the healing process," Depasquale asserted. "But, we can operate so responsibly. I would love to show him the steps that we're taking to do so." Ali pointed out that the "Unlock New Jersey" plan calls for opening with a specific timeline and a measured approach, arguing small businesses like hers don't have much more time to waste. Falco noted the struggle under the COVID-19 induced is felt most by working-class, family-owned businesses. "We’re just asking for a reasonable and a responsible way to implement [reopening] just like our neighboring states have done so," Despasquale concluded. "And we're ready to get to work." Gov. Murphy the state's public health emergency order through at least June 5, while the New Jersey state of emergency remains in place indefinitely.
https://www.foxnews.com/politics/trump-threatens-to-hold-back-funding-over-michigan-mail-in-voting|3 days ago|Trump threatens to hold back funding to states over 'rogue' moves on mail-in voting|is threatening to withhold federal funding from and Nevada over their decisions to enact widespread mail-in voting in the upcoming election, claiming the moves were "done illegally" and will lead to voter fraud. Michigan Secretary of State Jocelyn Benson announced Tuesday that all registered voters in the crucial general election battleground state will be mailed an application to vote by mail in November so they do not have to risk exposure to the coronavirus by going out to the polls. Trump was not a fan of the decision. "Breaking: Michigan sends absentee ballots to 7.7 million people ahead of Primaries and the General Election. This was done illegally and without authorization by a rogue Secretary of State," Trump tweeted Wednesday morning. "I will ask to hold up funding to Michigan if they want to go down this Voter Fraud path!" Trump later addressed Nevada's decision to have mail-in votes for their June primary election and threatened to withhold funding from them as well. In that state, voters will not even have to request ballots through application forms; instead, voters will receive ballots in the mail. "State of Nevada 'thinks' that they can send out illegal vote by mail ballots, creating a great Voter Fraud scenario for the State and the U.S.," Trump tweeted. "They can’t! If they do, 'I think' I can hold up funds to the State. Sorry, but you must not cheat in elections." The legality of sending the ballot applications is already the basis of a lawsuit in Texas, in which a federal judge in allowing the forms to be sent out to voters. Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton immediately announced his office is appealing the ruling to the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals. The president and other GOP leaders have repeatedly railed against expanded balloting by mail, saying that it leads to voter fraud. Democrats – pushing back on such arguments – say that cases of actual voter fraud are limited and claim that Republicans are trying to suppress voter turnout to improve their chances of winning elections. GOP chairwoman Ronna McDaniel noted Monday that while she remains opposed to states sending ballots out to all voters, sending applications for absentee ballots "is one mechanism of ensuring that that voter is who they are."
https://www.foxnews.com/world/new-report-how-china-uses-buildings-in-africa-for-government-spying|3 days ago|China uses new and renovated buildings in Africa for spying: report|As tensions with Beijing continue to rise amid the fallout over its handling of the , a new report sheds light on the alleged nefarious movements of the Chinese Communist Party (CCP) across . The report by the Heritage Foundation, obtained exclusively by Fox News and asserts that "Beijing likely has better surveillance access to Africa than anywhere else by having built or renovated at least 186 African government buildings," and that the government "likely uses surveillance to, among other things, advantage its companies competing for contracts, spy on U.S. officials, and influence African officials." Joshua Meservey, the report's author and Senior Policy Analyst for Africa and the Middle East at the Heritage Foundation, told Fox News: "The building spree is just one element of an extraordinary effort by Beijing to curry favor with African governments, and all evidence suggests it has been hugely successful. "Beijing is challenging the U.S.-led global order that has brought unprecedented prosperity and stability to the world, including to the U.S. It wants to upend that system in favor of one so structured that no one dare oppose Beijing's's plans." The report underscores that China's two-decade-long blitz of engagement in Africa has likely given it extensive surveillance access to the continent. Chinese companies, all of which are legally obliged to help the CCP gather intelligence, have built at least 186 government buildings in Africa and at least 14 sensitive intra-governmental telecommunication networks. In addition, Beijing is documented to have also donated computers to at least 35 African governments. "The wealth of information the CCP probably gathers in Africa presents four primary dangers for the U.S., as that information could be used to facilitate Beijing's's influence operations on the continent; recruit intelligence assets at senior levels of African governments; and gain insight into U.S. diplomatic strategies, military counterterrorism operations, or joint military exercises," the report states. Meservey's findings also emphasize that at least 40 of Africa's 54 countries have a government building constructed by a Chinese company. "Given the difficulty of gathering comprehensive data on independent China's nearly seven decades of engagement with Africa, these numbers are almost certainly an undercount," he writes. Meservey further noted in an interview with Fox News that, in the African context, many African governments know that embedded within Chinese engagement—its loans, aid, and cultural exchanges—is spying, espionage, and influence operations. "My sense is that African rulers do not believe there is anything so valuable that it is worth risking the relationship with China. Some African rulers also personally benefit from engaging with China—swanky government buildings are just one example—which influences them towards being less wary of Chinese espionage than they might otherwise be," he said. The report makes particular mention of Beijing's apparent use of "private companies," given that all Chinese Internet companies are subject to their leadership's mandate that they cooperate with the government to reduce users'' anonymity. "Chinese government documents reveal that data collected from smart city technology is sent back to China for analysis that helps the CCP in its public diplomacy efforts. A pattern has also emerged of widespread backdoors in Chinese technology companies'' products that they are slow or refuse to fix," the report states, citing 2019 analysis from a cybersecurity firm which revealed that "more than half the Huawei devices it tested had at least one possible backdoor that could allow unauthorized users access to the devices—a far higher rate of vulnerability than devices from other companies." The Heritage report also brings to light the impact these activities have on the United States, noting that Washington "should try to complicate Beijing's's surveillance of an important continent as part of a strategic response to the CCP's effort to reshape the global order," given that the espionage activities of Beijing, according to a recent U.S. Trade Representative investigation, costs Americans more than $50 billion per year. "If Beijing's surveillance blankets the most sensitive offices of some African governments, the CCP can gain insights into leaders'' personalities, habits, and preferences that would help Beijing tailor its influence campaigns directed at senior leaders," Meservey noted. "Building such influence is important to achieving the CCP's goal of becoming an unassailable global power. If it succeeds, the U.S.'s own global power would diminish, given the incompatibility of the American and Chinese political systems." The effort is seemingly paying dividends in Africa, as "the governments there are usually reliable Chinese allies in international forums." Moreover, Beijing's spying "could pick up sensitive conversations between senior American officials and their African counterparts. That would include U.S. military officers who frequently meet with senior African officials to discuss joint military exercises, counterterrorism operations, and other activities it would be best not to divulge to a competitor like China." "Beijing understands that economic might is the core element of overall national strength. With its ongoing economic espionage against the U.S., Beijing simultaneously strengthens itself and hurts the U.S., a double win for it," Meservey added. "The fact that Beijing likely has virtually unimpeded surveillance access to many African governments heightens the danger for American companies, especially tech companies, that are increasingly interested in Africa and engaging with African governments."
https://video.foxnews.com/v/6157994927001/|__clean_error__|__clean_error__|
https://www.foxnews.com/sports/nfl-great-dexter-manley-coronavirus-doing-much-better|3 days ago|NFL great Dexter Manley, 61, battling coronavirus but 'doing much better,' ex-teammate says|Dexter Manley, a former All-Pro defensive end who played nine seasons with the , has been making progress in his fight against the , his former teammate John Riggins said Tuesday. Manley, 61, was taken to the hospital on May 2 and has been there while he’s been recovering, according to Redskins announcer Larry Michael. Riggins said on the podcast that he received an update on Manley’s health from the former defensive lineman’s wife, Lydia. “He is doing much better,” Riggins said. “I'm not sure he was ever really that ill, but his oxygen levels were a little low, they put him on oxygen, he has never been on a ventilator. All of this stuff is improving as we speak. He's still got a little ways to go.” Riggins said that Manley is “slowly but steadily” making a recovery in his fight. “He hopes to be back talking smack real soon and that's directly from Lydia,” Riggins added. Manley, known during his NFL career as the “Secretary of Defense,” won two Super Bowl titles with the Redskins. He had 18.5 sacks in 1986 as part of a four-season stretch where he had 11 or more sacks. Manley played one season with the and the before he retired. He finished with 97.5 sacks. While not in the Pro Football Hall of Fame, he is in the Redskins Ring of Fame.
https://video.foxnews.com/v/6157953849001/|__clean_error__|__clean_error__|
https://www.foxnews.com/health/can-i-get-coronavirus-outside-wind-dispersal-safety|3 days ago|Can I get coronavirus outside? Experts talk wind dispersal, provide safety tips|As temperatures rise and sunny skies and mild breezes coax people out of quarantine, many are wondering about the likelihood of catching the coronavirus while outdoors. “Everyone’s itching to get outside, I think it can be done. We just have to pay very close attention to doing it safely,” Dr. Jason Farley, nurse epidemiologist trained in infectious disease and professor at Johns Hopkins University School of Nursing, told Fox News. “I really think a practical and common-sense approach right now is what’s called for.” While experts agree the great outdoors reduces the risk of virus transmission as compared to confined areas with stagnant air, they also say there is still a theoretical risk. Critical factors influencing virus transmission from an infectious person to a susceptible person involve physical distancing, duration of time together and surrounding ventilation, doctors say. Dr. Timothy Brewer, professor of medicine and epidemiology at UCLA, told Fox News ventilation outdoors will rapidly disperse any viral particles in the air. When people engage in conversation, they express clouds of aerosols or respiratory droplets. The ventilation outdoors plays a role in dispersing these particles, which is a good thing. "In the hospital, when we design a negative pressure room, we want to have at least 12 complete air exchanges in the room to prevent transmission of airborne infections or respiratory droplet infections," Brewer explained. "If you're outside, your ventilation greatly exceeds that, so being outside will disperse any viral particles in the air very rapidly." Brewer explained that talking generates particles of different sizes. Particles larger than five microns are most likely to transmit a respiratory infection like COVID-19 and tend to travel short distances — within three to six feet. Gravity then carries down the particles until they impact the ground or land on another person. Particles smaller than five microns can float, and any air current at all will disperse them, the doctor said. However, Farley said wind would not stop the expressed droplets from traveling within arms distance, unless it was blowing “pretty significantly.” There is limited data so far on the likelihood of coronavirus outbreaks originating outdoors. (not yet peer-reviewed) in early April by six scientists across several Chinese universities examined 318 outbreaks of COVID-19 in 120 cities in China between Jan. 4 and Feb. 11 and found that outbreaks of three or more cases were largely confined to enclosed spaces, such as home and transportation, and that only one outbreak originated outside. "Among the identified outbreaks, 53.8 [percent] involved three cases, 26.4 [percent] involved four cases, and only 1.6 [percent] involved 10 or more cases," researchers wrote in the study's abstract. "Home outbreaks were the dominant category (254 of 318 outbreaks; 79.9 percent), followed by transport (108; 34.0 percent; note that many outbreaks involved more than one venue category). Most home outbreaks involved three to five cases. We identified only a single outbreak in an outdoor environment, which involved two cases." "All identified outbreaks of three or more cases occurred in an indoor environment, which confirms that sharing indoor space is a major SARS-CoV-2 infection risk," the researchers concluded. Sunlight also helps to disinfect particles, though the key factor in reducing virus transmission outside is the dispersion of viral particles by the wind, according to Brewer. Both Brewer and Farley advise those venturing outdoors to maintain at least six feet in physical distancing. Face masks can also help to reduce virus spread. Farley told Fox News of steps he’s taking to change his own behavior when outdoors. A group of his close friends wanted to meet up for a run, he said. The runners maintained at least six-feet distance and enjoyed a tailgate afterward with cars appropriately spaced apart. Brewer said people should continue to wear masks outdoors, particularly if they don't have trouble breathing. “We [could] still be with one another and enjoy each other’s company but we did so in a safer manner,” Farley said. While the health experts advise exercise like walking or jogging outdoors, Farley said to be as respectful of others as possible. “If you’re passing someone, do so with a wide gait, or a wide girth around the person, try not to brush elbows with them as you run by,” he said. Experts also advised caution when touching potentially contaminated surfaces, like door handles at public restrooms at the beach. Appropriate levels of hand hygiene need to be maintained even in outdoor spaces, Farley said. Washing hands after returning from trips to the grocery store is also advised. “People should be very mindful that just because some of the restrictions are being lifted, it does not mean it is over,” Dr. Humberto Choi, pulmonary and critical care physician at Cleveland Clinic, told Fox News. He shared his experience working in the intensive care unit, where doctors are still seeing “many patients who are very sick from coronavirus.” “People still need to take this very seriously,” he said. Choi suggested planning in advance before heading outdoors. Go shopping for groceries when stores are less busy, he said, and stay away from team sports. Opt for tennis or throwing a frisbee instead, which present a much lower risk of infection than group sports like football or soccer.
https://www.foxnews.com/sports/giants-gabe-kapler-spit-during-games-poses-tremendous-challenge|3 days ago|Giants manager Gabe Kapler says not being able to spit during games poses 'tremendous challenge'|manager Gabe Kapler said Tuesday some of the proposed safety protocols to combat the in order to start the 2020 season could be a “tremendous challenge.” Kapler, who is in his first year as Giants’ manager, told that not being able to spit his gum or sunflower seeds is going to be difficult for him since it’s part of his routine. “When the game begins, I start with some coffee, it’s part of my routine,” Kapler told the station. “I quickly transition to gum — lots of gum, not just a couple pieces, a lot of gum. I don’t like the sweetness, but I like the size of the gum. My normal behavior is I spit a lot of the gum juice out. “From there I transition to seeds. Sunflower seeds in the middle of the game. As much as you can fit in your mouth — you’re just spitting the seeds on the ground. I’m not alone. So many players, staff have routines like the one I just described. Different, but similar. They’re all going to have to stop those routines. That is going to be a tremendous challenge.” A 67-page draft of Major League Baseball’s proposed 2020 Operations Manual was sent to teams Friday and obtained by multiple media outlets. According to the proposal, spitting would be prohibited along with water jugs and the use of saunas, steam rooms, pools and cryotherapy chambers. Teams are also asked to respond to the ideas by May 22. While Kapler expressed that it will be difficult to change things up, he knows it’s for the best. “Everybody’s going to be committed to doing it because it’s so worth it. The trade-off between giving up that habit and getting to play baseball, we’ll play baseball all day long,’ Kapler said.
https://video.foxnews.com/v/6157937500001/|__clean_error__|__clean_error__|
https://www.foxnews.com/science/how-are-covid-19-deaths-counted|3 days ago|How are COVID-19 deaths counted?|As coronavirus has swept through the United States, finding the true number of people who have been infected has been stymied due to lack of testing. Now, official counts of are being challenged, too. In Colorado, for example, a Republican state legislator has accused the state's public health department of ; in Florida, local media have objected to the State Department of Health's refusal to release medical examiner data to the public, alleging that the state . The reality is that assigning a cause of death is not always straightforward, even pre-pandemic, and a patchwork of local rules and regulations makes getting valid national data challenging. However, data on excess deaths in the United States over the past several months suggest that COVID-19 deaths are probably being undercounted rather than overcounted. Death certificates can be signed by a physician who was responsible for a patient who died in a hospital, which accounts for many COVID-19 deaths. They can also be signed by medical examiners or coroners, who are independent officials who work for individual counties or cities. Many COVID-19 death certificates are being handled by physicians unless the death occurred outside of the hospital, in which case a medical examiner or coroner would step in, said Dr. Sally Aiken, the president of the National Association of Medical Examiners (NAME). In some jurisdictions, including cities such as Chicago and Milwaukee, medical examiners are involved in determining the cause of death for every suspected COVID-19 case. In those jurisdictions, medical examiners review medical records even of patients who die in hospitals to ensure that the symptoms and any testing indicate that the patient did indeed die of COVID-19. Having medical examiners confirm COVID-19 deaths can create more uniformity and clearer documentation, Aiken told Live Science. On a death certificate, there are spaces to list an immediate cause of death, as well as the chain of events that led to that final disease or incident. There are also spaces for adding contributing factors. For COVID-19, the immediate cause of death might be listed as respiratory distress, with the second line reading "due to COVID-19." Contributing factors such as , diabetes or high blood pressure would then be listed further down. This has led to some confusion by people arguing that the "real" cause of death was heart disease or , Aiken said, but that's not the case. "Without the COVID19 being the last straw or the thing that led to the chain of events that led to death, they probably wouldn't have died," she said. How hard it is to accurately determine whether COVID-19 was truly that last straw depends on the situation. Most COVID-19 deaths seen at Mount Sinai Health System in New York are in people who have comorbid (or co-occurring) conditions such as coronary artery disease or , said Dr. Mary Fowkes, the chief of autopsy services at Mount Sinai. But it's not typically difficult to tell what killed them. Related: "Most of the cases are pretty straightforward," Fowkes told Live Science. "The lungs are usually so severely involved with pathology, so they are two to three times or more the normal weight of a normal lung." (The excess weight is due to fluid and cell detritus from damaged lung tissues.) In some cases, particularly those where someone dies at home or quickly perishes after entering an emergency room, the determination can be a little more fuzzy, said Dr. Jeremy Faust, an emergency physician at Brigham and Women's Hospital in Massachusetts. "The challenge is knowing who died of COVID-19 versus who died with the virus that causes COVID-19," Faust told Live Science. Autopsies can help answer that question, but autopsy rates were low even pre-pandemic, Fowkes said. Even at Mount Sinai, a rare medical system that offers every family a chance to have their loved one autopsied for free, the rate of autopsy was only about 20% prior to the . According to NAME, there is an ongoing shortage of forensic pathologists working in the United States, with about 500 currently employed and a need for 1,200. Autopsies for COVID-19 can also be dangerous due to the infectious nature of the disease and ongoing shortages of personal protective equipment for pathologists. Another complication for assigning a cause of death for COVID-19 is that some younger people have died of strokes and heart attacks and then tested positive for COVID-19 without any history of respiratory symptoms. The virus is , suggesting that COVID-19 was the killer in these cases, too. Fowkes and her colleagues conducted a microscopic inspection of the brains of 20 COVID-19 victims in her hospital system and found that six of them contained tiny blood clots that had caused small strokes before death. "We're seeing it in younger patients than you would expect, and we're seeing it in a distribution that you wouldn't expect, so we think it's related to the COVID," Fowkes said. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) has for how to attribute a death to COVID-19. The guidelines urge using information from COVID-19 testing, where possible, but also allow for deaths to be listed as "presumed" or "probable" COVID-19 based on symptoms and the best clinical judgment of the person filling out the death certificate. A medical examiner trying to determine a cause of death in the absence of testing would comb medical records and query family and loved ones about the person's symptoms before they died, Aiken said. Postmortem COVID-19 tests may be possible, depending on the jurisdiction. All of the inconsistencies of cause-of-death reporting precede the COVID-19 pandemic, says Jay Wolfson, a professor of public health at the University of South Florida (USF). But getting good data about deaths is now extremely pressing, he told Live Science. Death certificates are often used by and public health officials to detect strange clusters of deaths or to link certain risk factors to certain causes of death. But because different states and localities have different rules about recording and reporting causes of death, the cumulative data is always messy. Related: "I think some states are reluctant to open their databases up, knowing they have validity problems or knowing the data might be misused," Wolfson said. But public health officials need access, he said, and they need to figure out ways to dig into the data and standardize them. Wolfson and other researchers at USF are already working with state officials to see what kind of data the state can legally release, he said. Meanwhile, as the political debate over the response to the virus heats up, some have argued that death reports are being deliberately skewed. Aiken rejected the notion of a vast conspiracy by medical examiners; medical examiners are designed to be independent entities, she said, and they run the political gamut from conservative to liberal. "It always cracks me up," she said. "Medical examiners and coroners aren't organized enough to have a conspiracy." In Colorado, the discrepancy over people dying with COVID-19 versus of COVID-19 is due to federal reporting guidelines requiring the health department to report any COVID-positive death to the CDC, even if COVID-19 wasn't thought to cause the death, Gov. Jared Polis said in a news conference Friday (May 15). The health department has been instructed not to report those deaths as being caused by COVID-19 to the public, Polis said. In Florida, state law prevents the release of death certificate data, Wolfson said, but it may be possible to get public release of death certificates with identifying information removed, or of cumulative datasets. Both undercounts and overcounts of COVID-19 deaths are possible, Wolfson said, but it's not yet clear which is more likely, or whether they might simply balance each other out. Fowkes said that based on her experience, it's more likely that COVID-19 deaths are being missed than overcounted. That's because New York is among several cities that , and these anomalous spikes could be due to untested, untreated COVID-19. Perhaps, the best clue as to whether COVID-19 deaths have been undercounted or overcounted is excess mortality data. Excess mortality is deaths above and beyond what would normally be expected in a given population in a given year. CDC data shows a in early 2020, adding up to tens of thousands of deaths. Some argue that many of these excess deaths are related to COVID-19 lockdowns, not COVID-19 themselves, Faust said, because people fear catching the disease if they go to the hospital for other reasons. A study in the did find that nine major hospitals saw a 38% drop in emergency visits for a particular kind of heart attack in March. That suggests that people really are delaying or avoiding medical care, which could mean that some of them die of preventable causes. But non-COVID conditions probably don't explain most excess deaths, Faust said. Only a portion of heart attack visits would have represented lives saved, he said, because doctors must treat perhaps 10 patients to save one life. And other causes of death — such as motor vehicle accidents — are down. This could change with time, Faust cautioned. For example, if cancer patients forego their treatments for a year, rather than a few months, the impact on their death rates is much more likely to be noticeable in the population-wide data. But for now, he said, "it's unlikely that the coronavirus deaths are being overcounted by a magnitude that explains our observation that something very unusual is going on."
https://www.foxnews.com/media/hemmer-coronavirus-bigger-than-911-great-recession|3 days ago|Bill Hemmer: Coronavirus impact may be bigger than 9/11, Great Recession: 'Going to remake industries forever'|Fox News' told the " " podcast Wednesday that the economic impact of the may be a bigger story than any of the cataclysmic events that have shaped the nation and the world over the past two decades. "I've put this, over the past 20 years, in the categories of the election recount of 2000 in [Florida], of 9/11 ... of [Hurricane] Katrina in New Orleans, of the financial wreck of '08 and '09," Hemmer told host Jessica Rosenthal. "And I'm starting to think that this is bigger than all of them in ways that so many people could not predict, not just in the United States, but in countries all over the world. "If your question [whether the virus or its economic impact is the bigger story] is asking me, 'Choose A or B today,'" the "Bill Hemmer Reports" host added, "I'm choosing B, because this is going to remake industries forever in ways that we cannot predict." When asked by Rosenthal about the Trump administration's forecasts of an economic rally beginning in the second half of this year and continuing into 2021, Hemmer responded, "My sense is that everyone's guessing." "With regard to the overall economy, I think the market is reacting in a way that most people did not expect," Hemmer added. "You know, the S&P and the Nasdaq, they're about where they were before all this happened. I think that has been confounding to many. What I sense is that investors believe the comeback could happen sooner rather than later. Not saying they're right, but I think they're betting on that. "I would also add that between [Treasury Secretary Steven] Mnuchin and Jerome Powell, the [Federal Reserve] chair, they have put so much money into the system, it is bound to have an effect. With regard to Congress and whether or not they make another move, I don't think you can expect that well into June, if at all, pending how this recovery goes."
https://www.foxnews.com/opinion/coronavirus-health-care-flaws-medicare-all-worse-dr-tom-price|3 days ago|Dr. Tom Price: Coronavirus highlights health care systems flaws — this will make it worse|The predicts that by June, the daily COVID-19 death toll will reach 3,000 Americans and that an astonishing 200,000 people will contract the virus each day. Those numbers, simply put, are astronomical, and unlike anything we’ve ever seen before in the United States. The loss of life is unthinkable to bear, and it’s also bringing to light some very stark realities about our country’s . Cracks that are always present but often not seen by the public are now on full display. For months, governments at the federal, state and local levels have been grappling with policies intended to . Despite these efforts, health care facilities in many parts of the country have had to make due with little or inadequate personal protective equipment, ventilators and other life-saving supplies. The public may never have known about the fragile state of some aspects of health care in our country if the coronavirus pandemic had not struck. But strike it did, and with a vengeance. For years, poll after poll has shown that Americans believe our health care system is broken. As a physician who practiced medicine for years before entering the political arena, my first-hand experience shows me that Americans are indeed correct. Despite the best efforts of many in the medical community, our health care system must undergo serious changes if we are to be better able to serve our families, friends and loved ones. COVID-19 has convinced some in our nation that the solution to the health care crisis we face is giving government the power to run the system. Yet many of those same people believe that the government has failed to properly respond to the virus. While the so-called public option, which is just another name for "Medicare-for-all," might seem like the answer to our problems to some, empowering an institution that failed to protect the nearly 100,000 Americans who have lost their lives to the virus is the exact wrong policy. We simply can’t trust Washington to make our health decisions for us. Doctors and other medical providers are best equipped to help Americans make decisions regarding their health. But the federal government is not comprised solely of medical professionals. Even those with medical backgrounds at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) have struggled to put forth guidelines quickly enough to prevent the massive death toll we’re seeing from the virus. The idea, then, of putting thousands of bureaucrats, a very small fraction of whom have any medical background at all, in charge of our health care decisions just does not make sense. "Medicare-for-all" would be a public takeover of our health care on an unprecedented scale. It would put medical decisions for families across the country in the hands of politicians, not doctors and patients. It would drive costs up and deprive families of health care choices – at the very moment when most Americans are concerned about better and more affordable access to care. During these trying times in our nation, we need more choices and control when it comes to our medical conditions, not fewer. We need better quality care now more than ever, and the comfort of seeing medical professionals we choose and trust. Further, many of the innovations that detect and treat COVID-19 are being developed by private entities, not government institutions. Scientists at Stanford Medicine developed a test to detect coronavirus antibodies. A Boston-based therapeutics company is developing a promising vaccine, as is a separate company in Seattle. The National Institutes of Health recently called on all innovators to rapidly develop coronavirus diagnostics, promising a share of a $500 million pool earmarked for the project, because the government simply isn’t capable of developing diagnostics as quickly as those in the private sector. This kind of empowerment is what the politicians should be doing for our nation’s doctors, nurses and medical professionals. They are the real heroes of this crisis. But enacting "Medicare-for-all" would do the exact opposite – it would take away their ability to administer the personal care we all desperately need at this time. We will ultimately prevail over the COVID-19 pandemic. Children will return to school. Families will resume routine medical visits. One day, this nightmare will be in the past. But the worst thing we could do would be to bring about a nightmarish future for our health care system when this does end, and expanding government-run health care would do just that. The American people deserve to make their own health care choices, which will result in the highest quality of care.
https://www.foxnews.com/opinion/coronavirus-transparency-governors-hiding-actions-citizens-adam-laxalt|3 days ago|Adam Laxalt: Coronavirus and transparency — these governors using crisis to hide actions from citizens|Freedom of Information laws protect democracy by empowering citizens to hold officials accountable. This safeguard isn’t swept aside because our country is suffering through a ; it becomes more important to make sure politicians are acting responsibly. In an editorial published last week, The New York Times rightly asserts that don’t get to withhold information and avoid accountability. In fact, the public deserves more transparency in difficult times. “While the work of government continues, citizens are losing a fundamental right to transparency. That’s a threat to good government and ,” the editors write. Those entrusted to process FOIA requests perform a critical service that cannot go unfulfilled or under-fulfilled, even during times of crisis. However, despite the greater need for transparency in the wake of COVID-19, some governors have decided to withhold vital information and obstruct the FOIA process. For example, Gov. Gretchen Whitmer, D-Mich., is using emergency powers provided during the pandemic to refuse a request by Americans for Public Trust. APT is seeking vital information pertaining to a state contract run by the Great Lakes Community Engagement, headed by a Michigan-based Democratic consultant and managed in coordination with EveryAction, a project of NGP VAN, which boasts that it’s the “leading technology provider to Democratic and progressive campaigns and organizations.” Why this no-bid contract was awarded by the governor’s office has never been explained. The people of Michigan are being kept in the dark about why a Democratic political data firm was hired to conduct sensitive coronavirus-contact-tracing surveys that gave the firm access to personal and private health records. Does the Democratic data firm have the health records of Michigan residents? If so, what are they doing with them; if not, where are the records? Who made this decision and why is the no-bid process being shielded from public vetting? This apparent conflict of interest and refusal to provide basic information should raise more than a few eyebrows. Michigan’s own Lansing State Journal editorial board argues, “People want to know what local health departments are doing; whether the state is following its own guidelines; that regular government functions are operating properly during crisis; that details aren’t being overlooked.” Whitmer is not alone in undermining public trust in government and the rule of law. Govs. David Ige, D-Hawaii, and Tom Wolf, D-Pa., are telling state officials to ignore FOIA requests until normal operations resume, which could be months from now. Gov. Gina Raimondo, D-R.I., is giving administrators a 40-day extension to comply with the FOIA claiming her press conferences provide all the disclosure needed right now. And Gov. Larry Hogan, R-Md., has given agencies discretion about when to respond to requests, allowing bureaucrats to freeze unfavorable reports for months. All governors work for their citizens, not the other way around. A pandemic isn’t the time to end transparency and accountability, it’s the time to increase it.
https://www.foxnews.com/health/coronavirus-patients-in-new-cluster-exhibiting-symptoms-differently-than-wuhan|3 days ago|Coronavirus patients in new Chinese cluster exhibiting symptoms different from Wuhan|patients in northeastern are reportedly taking longer to recover from the virus and to exhibit symptoms than patients from the original outbreak in Wuhan, one of China’s top doctors told state TV Tuesday. Dr. Qiu Haibo, who is taking care of patients in the northeast, said the more than two-week incubation period is making it hard to keep the virus from spreading and could show the virus is changing, Bloomberg reported. Patients in the northeast also mostly have lung damage rather than in their heart, kidney and stomach as in Wuhan. At least 46 cases have popped up in three cities located just north of North Korea's border – Jilin City, Shulan and Shengyang – which are under lockdown again. Of those infected, 26 have been hospitalized, according to Bloomberg. Last month, a study from Zhejiang University in Hangzhou, China, found the virus had mutated into at least 30 different genetic versions. "Drug and vaccine development, while urgent, need to take the impact of these accumulating mutations, especially the founding mutations, into account to avoid potential pitfall," the study said. The differences, however, could be because only the sickest patients were being treated when the virus first overwhelmed Wuhan and doctors can now pay more attention to the way symptoms manifest. “The longer period during which infected patients show no symptoms has created clusters of family infections,” Qui added, according to .
https://www.foxnews.com/world/captain-tom-moore-100-awarded-knighthood-raising-40m-help-doctors-nurses-fighting-coronavirus|3 days ago|Captain Tom Moore, 100, to be knighted after raising nearly $40M to help doctors, nurses|Captain Tom Moore, a 100-year-old war veteran, will be for his work in raising almost $40 million for charity during the pandemic, according to a report on Tuesday. Moore told the BBC on Wednesday he was looking forward to being knighted by Queen Elizabeth, who already approved the prestigious title. He even made a joke about the long-running monarch, 94, who bestows the honor by tapping a sword on the recipient’s shoulders. “I hope she’s not very heavy-handed with the sword,” he said, according to Reuters. “By then I might be rather a poor old weak soul.” Moore, who uses a walker, originally wanted to raise about $1,200 for those working on the front lines of the coronavirus crisis by walking laps around an 82-foot loop in his Bedfordshire garden. He eventually raised nearly $40 million for the National Health Service -- and in the process became a national hero. He now holds the Guinness World Record for the most money raised by an individual through a walk, according to the . Prime Minister Boris Johnson said Moore provided the United Kingdom with "a beacon of light through the fog of coronavirus." "Colonel Tom’s fantastic fundraising broke records [and] inspired the whole country," Johnson said on Tuesday, according to the . "On behalf of everyone who has been moved by his incredible story, I want to say a huge thank you. He's a true national treasure." Labour Party leader Sir Keir Starmer also gave praise to the centennial, adding that he "brought inspiration to millions and helped all of us to celebrate the extraordinary achievements of our NHS". For his birthday milestone, Queen Elizabeth agreed that Moore should be made an honorary colonel. He had risen to the rank of captain during his military career during World War II. The monarch also sent him an honorary birthday card hand-delivered by her representative, which contained a personalized message inside. It was one of an estimated 140,000 cards given to him. "I am so pleased to know that you are celebrating your one-hundredth birthday," she said, according to the . "I was also most interested to hear of your recent fundraising efforts for NHS Charities Together at this difficult time. I send my congratulations and best wishes to you on such a special occasion. Elizabeth R." As an honorary colonel, his official title will be Captain Sir Thomas Moore. The knighthood will be formally announced on Wednesday.
https://www.foxnews.com/health/wearing-face-mask-reduce-coronavirus-transmission-75-percent-study-shows|3 days ago|Wearing a surgical mask can reduce coronavirus transmission by up to 75 percent, study says|Researchers have found that wearing surgical masks can significantly reduce the rate of airborne transmission, according to a study released on Sunday. The study, conducted by a team of scientists in Hong Kong, found the rate of non-contact transmission through respiratory droplets or airborne particles dropped by as much as 75 percent when masks were used. “The findings implied to the world and the public is that the effectiveness of mask-wearing against the coronavirus pandemic is huge,” said Dr. Yuen Kwok-yung, a leading microbiologist from Hong Kong University who helped discover the SARS virus back in 2003. It was released by the department of microbiology at the University of Hong Kong and comes as world leaders, including the World Health Organization (WHO), have questioned the effectiveness of face coverings outside of medical settings. The study, described as a first of its kind, placed hamsters in two cages, with one of the groups infected with COVID-19 and the other being healthy. They placed the animals in three different scenarios to analyze the effectiveness of the face coverings. In one scenario the mask barriers were placed only on cages with the infected subjects, another saw the masks covering the healthy subjects, and the third saw with no mask barriers at all. For all of the scenarios, a fan was placed between the cages to allow for the transmission of respiratory droplets. They found that when the mask was placed over the infected cage the infection rate dropped to just over 15 percent. That infection rate went up to 33 percent when the mask barrier was only used to cover the healthy hamsters’ cage. With no mask barriers at all, roughly two-thirds of the healthy hamsters were infected with the virus within a week, the study . Researchers added that the hamsters who were infected even with the mask barrier had less of the virus in their bodies when compared to those infected without the masks. "In our hamster experiment, it shows very clearly that if infected hamsters or humans -- especially asymptomatic or symptomatic ones -- put on masks, they actually protect other people," Yuen said in a press conference on Sunday, according to . "That's the strongest result we showed here. Transmission can be reduced by 50 percent when surgical masks are used, especially when masks are worn by infected individuals." He said up until we have a vaccine for the virus, what remains practical is either social distancing or wearing a mask. Last month, a separate study published by a group of international experts, created a model that shows cases of the virus could be cut significantly if "(near) universal masking" is adopted. "Universal masking at 80 [percent] adoption flattens the curve significantly more than maintaining a strict lockdown," researchers wrote in the study, which has not yet been peer-reviewed, as of last week. "Masking at only 50 [percent] adoption is not sufficient to prevent continued spread," the researchers added. "Replacing the strict lockdown with social distancing on May 31 without masking results in unchecked spread."
https://www.foxnews.com/politics/southern-california-organizations-local-leaders-seek-weekly-assistance-for-workers-in-state-illegally-report|3 days ago|California organizations seek weekly assistance for workers in state illegally: report|More than 60 representatives from organizations in central and local officials signed a letter to state lawmakers Tuesday asking for a weekly stipend for workers in the state illegally who have lost their jobs due to the , according to a report. The letter, which was sent to two assemblymembers from Santa Barbara and San Luis Obispo and one state senator, called on lawmakers and Gov. Gavin Newsom to "exercise their authority to put an end to the exclusion of undocumented workers from California’s safety net, and provide weekly income support for all workers whose families are struggling due to job loss during this crisis," according to the New Times of San Luis Obispo. Assemblywoman Monique Limón of Santa Barbara, who received a letter, also signed a separate letter from California lawmakers on Monday to Newsom, calling on him to adopt an “undocumented worker partial income replacement program.” workers make up an estimated 10 percent of the workforce in California, but the state's $125 million relief fund for workers in the state illegally is only expected to help a small fraction of them. Santa Maria Councilwoman Gloria Soto, who signed Tuesday's letter, previously said supporting local nonprofits will help undocumented workers get financial assistance. “We need to continue to support organizations that are pushing this kind of work,” she said. The Mixteco/Indigena Community Organizing Project "is one of the organizations that will be helping the state of California distribute the funds that the state has allocated for undocumented families here in our own community, so continuing to support organizations like those [is imperative]," she added, according to the relief website crashed for more than two hours Monday morning by millions seeking benefits on the first day workers in the state could apply. “The website is currently up and running, and we are continuing to increase its capacity,” Scott Murray, a spokesman for the state’s Department of Social Services, said, acknowledging the high volume, according to The Fresno Bee. “We understand that the demand is high for the Disaster Relief Assistance for Immigrants program.” In addition, nonprofit relief hotlines were overwhelmed by the number of callers trying to reach the required live person. The Coalition for Humane Immigrant Rights of Los Angeles, one of the nonprofits chosen to distribute the funds, had more than 1 million calls Monday. “Day 1 of the #DRAI project, CHIRLA worked to ensure 668 residents in LA and Orange County got on their way to receive the #coronavirus aid they desperately need,” the nonprofit said in a tweet. “Not letting the 1,137,000 calls or the 6 million website visits stop us.” Lucas Zucker, who runs a nonprofit north of Los Angeles, called the chaotic start a “nightmare we all knew was coming," the Guardian reported. "We’re putting a Band-Aid on an open chest wound." “Websites and phone lines across the state crashed," he tweeted. "Our team saw so much frustration, anger and sadness from folks just trying to feed their kids. The need here is way too large to be met with a one-time disaster relief fund. Ana Padilla, executive director of UC Merced’s Community and Labor Center, said the state’s $125 million fund is expected to run out “very quickly.” The Los Angeles Times that Sacramento has freed up $75 million in taxpayer money for the fund, which could help about 150,000 who may be facing severe hardships during the pandemic. The other $50 million will be paid by organizations and private donors, according to the . The fund would give a one-time $500 payment for an individual or $1,000 for a family. California is the first state to rollout such a program. A lawsuit filed by the Center for American Liberty seeking to stop the funds from being distributed was dismissed by the state’s Supreme Court earlier this month, according to the . Recipients must prove they are unable to receive benefits from any federal assistance programs and provide evidence they are going through severe financial hardship because of the virus. Gov. Gavin Newsom announced the novel program in April. “Every Californian, including our undocumented neighbors and friends, should know that California is here to support them during this crisis,” Newsom said at the time. Republican Assemblyman Jordan Cunningham of San Luis Obispo and Democratic state Sen. Hannah Beth-Jackson were sent letters along with Limón, according to the
https://www.foxnews.com/media/karol-sikora-coronavirus-cases-not-rising-reopening|3 days ago|Ex-WHO official says coronavirus not increasing in reopened spots: 'It's as though something has changed'|Dr. Karol Sikora, an oncologist and former chief of the 's Cancer Program, told " " Tuesday that locations that have lifted -induced restrictions on economic and other activities are not seeing the feared spike in case rates. "It strikes me, as you look at all of the data all around the world where people have come out of lockdowns, things are actually going along quite nicely on the whole, and it's strange," he said. "it's as though something has changed, and none of us can explain why. "We need to make a vaccine, of course," Sikora added. "We need ... to try to get one. Let's hope that we don't need to wait until ... 60 percent of the community [are infected] because that could certainly take until next year." Sikora, the chief medical director at U.K.-based Rutherford Health, went on to suggest that the "fear factor" surrounding the virus has prevented people from making themselves available for crucial screenings and other procedures, putting them at greater risk. "There are... three factors that end a pandemic," he said. "The first, our behavior ... how humanity reacts to it: social distancing, avoiding crowds, that sort of thing, the very fear [of] this virus changes our behavior pattern. "The second thing is the virus itself: how it deals with the fact that [there are] increasing immunities out there in its host. And it's changing; the summer weather has come to Europe and North America, and things are moving on. "The third thing, of course, is what actually happens in terms of the fear factor and how we go into the autumn and [if we] see another wave," Sikora added. "I've heard all of the doom-laden theories. I'm an oncologist, I can't treat cancer patients properly because they're not coming forward for diagnostic service at the moment, so I am incentivized to get things moving." Sikora also questioned the prevailing view that the virus will almost certainly return with a vengeance sometime in the future, noting that past outbreaks dating back to Biblical times have been wound down by one "immune mechanism" or another. "Every pandemic, from the plagues in Venice, from the plague in Egypt way back in the times of Christ, we've seen them just peter out and we don't understand this petering out. Despite the very sophisticated computer mathematical models we've seen, we just don't know what is going to happen," he said. "But I need to be optimistic, otherwise more people will die from cancer than have died from COVID."
https://www.foxnews.com/lifestyle/average-american-gained-weight-self-isolation-coronavirus-study|3 days ago|Average American has gained several pounds during self-isolation, study finds|All of those had to go . A recent survey of fitness-focused Americans has pretty much confirmed that, yes, we’re all packing on a few pounds during our extended coronavirus quarantines, thanks in part to our increased and consumption. The survey, conducted by OnePoll on behalf of nutrition supplement company Naked Nutrition, reportedly polled 2,000 Americans on their current exercise and diet habits, ultimately determining that the average American gained about five pounds, according to British news agency South West News Service, who reported on the findings Monday. The biggest contributing factors, according to the report, include the increased consumption of both alcohol (nearly “two-thirds” were partaking, according to SWNS) and carbohydrate-laden foods like baked goods and pastas. Additionally, 65 percent of those polled admitted to taking a break from their exercise regimens. (It should be noted that all 2,000 survey participants claimed they had been regularly exercising pre-pandemic.) “The COVID-19 has been a stressful time for many, but maintaining a healthy lifestyle can support a person's overall health and should remain a priority," said Lauren Manaker, a registered dietitian and nutritionist quoted by SWNS. "This data highlights the importance of finding simple solutions for people to be able to maintain a healthy lifestyle while in isolation.” To that end, nearly two-thirds of the respondents claimed they were experimenting with at-home exercise, and just over half had ordered some type of exercise equipment (mostly weights or yoga mats) to aid in these endeavors. Unfortunately, it seems those efforts might come a little too late, as the average respondent expects it’ll be about 8 weeks before they return to their pre-pandemic body. Now, only time will tell if they — and we, too — can resist the siren song of and that continue to permeate our social-media feeds. Blast you, cereal pancakes! So tiny and delicious!
https://www.foxnews.com/opinion/rep-andy-biggs-on-coronavirus-and-many-issues-china-acts-like-a-cold-war-enemy-and-international-outlaw|3 days ago|Rep. Andy Biggs: On coronavirus and many issues, China acts like a Cold War enemy and international outlaw|The COVID-19 outbreak that began in Wuhan, and spread death, massive unemployment and economic dislocation around the world is just the latest example of China’s long history of misconduct in its dealings with the rest of the world. As of Tuesday night, was responsible for more than 321,000 confirmed deaths worldwide and over 91,000 deaths in the U.S. Confirmed cases of the disease totaled over 4.8 million around the world, including over 1.5 million in the U.S. China lied to the world about the extent of its COVID-19 outbreak, falsely stated at first that the disease was not easily spread, and refused to cooperate with health experts from the U.S. and other nations trying to understand the nature of the novel coronavirus that causes the deadly disease. Many lives could have been saved, hospitalizations could have been averted, and the shutdowns that nations around the world have imposed could have been far less severe if China had not tried to cover up the extent of the COVID-19 outbreak and if it had promptly halted travel by its citizens outside the country. Given China’s history, no one should be surprised that now the Chinese government is now threatening members of the U.S. Congress who have had the temerity to introduce legislation that would allow U.S. citizens to seek restitution from China for its role in the spread of COVID-19. We have to face the truth: Chinese hostility to the rest of the world is part of a pattern exhibited by the Communist regime in the years since President Richard Nixon began his ping-pong diplomacy with China in 1971 – leading to the resumption of U.S.-China trade followed by full diplomatic relations in 1978. In all that time, China hasn’t acted as an international competitor and responsible member of the world community – it has acted like a Cold War enemy and an international outlaw. The truth is that China has treated its relationship with the U.S. as adversarial for as long as anyone can remember. But we don’t need to cover hundreds of years of history between the West and China. It is only necessary to briefly review the last 50 years. In particular, President Bill Clinton’s relaxation of trade restrictions with China was great for U.S. multination corporations, but devastating for American workers. Foreign investment in China nearly tripled in the first decade of this century, while nearly 2.5 million Americans lost their jobs. Workers in China earn only a small fraction of the wages of U.S. workers, and China doesn’t impose worker safety and environmental standards even close to those in the U.S. All that combines to make it cheaper for companies to manufacture products in China – meaning that jobs have become one of our biggest exports to that nation. Over the past two decades, the Chinese have flooded the U.S. market with everything from basic electronics, to low-cost consumer goods, to medication and medical supplies – all while buying up more and more of our advanced products along with more of our national debt. This has resulted in the one of the largest international transfers of information, technology and wealth in the history of the world It is not unreasonable to argue that America has sacrificed millions of jobs, generations of technological advantage, and our economic dominance to China. All of this was done to enable U.S. corporations to make a fast buck by replacing American workers with cheap Chinese labor. Warning voices were out there – including then-businessman Donald Trump – but academics, globalists, and professional politicians and bureaucrats ignored them. The list of China’s harmful conduct is longer than space permits to provide here, but to cite just some examples: The U.S. has given sophisticated rocketry and telemetry science to the Chinese that the Chinese can now use against us. We educate thousands of Chinese nationals in American universities every year. Most return to their country with U.S. science and technology. In the meantime, China threatens our hegemony as the world’s currency of exchange. We have paid for China’s naval buildup. We have built a robust Chinese middle class. China’s abuses include aggressive and adversarial expansion in the South China Sea. The Chinese use their leverage against smaller neighbors to gain trade advantages. China is perhaps the world’s biggest polluter, but has insisted on concessions to international agreements that have the effect of permanently excluding China from having to operate under the same environmental restrictions that the European Union and the U.S. must operate under. China continues to threaten Taiwan. The recent manipulation of the World Health Organization into muffling warnings about the Wuhan flu outbreak has brought widespread human suffering to the world. Government actions that have stifled economic activity worldwide have created threats of starvation for tens of millions of people. During our current economic difficulties, China is trying to buy up American businesses. Chinese companies trading on our stock exchange adamantly refuse to allow audits that are routine and required. China continues to steal the intellectual property of our companies, or mandate that these companies share important corporate secrets or face serious consequences. In the meantime, China’s leaders use American big tech and social media companies to oppress their people. Did our high-tech wonks think that tech that they were providing to the Chinese government to spy on the Chinese was merely being used to invade privacy? The domestic intelligence is used by the Chinese to torture and kill dissidents, and more broadly, to surveil their population. Now, of course, those same American companies are offering their malevolent spying technology to state and local government tyrants to surveil Americans. Canada and Mexico don’t mind sniping at the U.S., but we remain huge trading partners and share generally amicable relations. The same can be said for the European Union as well. Even Russia has interests that intersect with the United States. Decades of a trade surplus with the United States, rocketing economic growth, and tech transfer have fueled the hegemonic goals of China. Important legislation permitting Americans to sue China is pending in Congress. We must also incentivize American companies to start thinking of themselves as American companies, and provide the tax, deregulatory, and red-tape slashing incentives to bring our supply chains home. Some are encouraging moving operations to Southeast Asian countries, but Chinese influence over those nations is already outsized. China might be motivated to exercise even more power over those nations should they become home to more workers for U.S. companies. We should use the dispute resolution forums of the multilateral institutions to which globalists seem so attached. Most importantly, we should reinstate a list of prohibited items that can’t be transferred to China. Failure to act will continue to erode our competitiveness in every way with that nation. We shouldn’t treat China as a friendly economic competitor when it views itself as our adversary with intentions of world hegemony.
https://www.foxnews.com/us/43-year-old-coronavirus-survivor-shares-shocking-photo-showing-50-lb-weight-loss|3 days ago|Coronavirus survivor, 43, shares shocking photo showing 50-lb weight loss|A 43-year-old man shared a photo on social media last week of the havoc the wreaked on his body during a nearly two-month stay in the hospital. "I wanted to show it can happen to anyone,” Mike Schultz told BuzzFeed News after posting his before-and-after Instagram post that showed him 50 pounds lighter than a month before he was hospitalized. “It doesn't matter if you're young or old, have preexisting conditions or not. It can affect you." Schultz is a nurse from San Francisco with no underlying conditions who used to work out nearly every day, but after six weeks in a hospital with the virus, he said he’d gone from 190 pounds to 140. He said he was exhausted just standing up for a few minutes to take the photo and his lung capacity was also severely hampered. "I was so weak. This was one of the most frustrating parts," he recalled. "I couldn’t hold my cellphone; it was so heavy. I couldn’t type, because my hands shook so much." He had also completely lost track of time. "I thought only a week had gone by," he said of his sixth week in the hospital. Schultz traveled to Boston in mid-March to visit his boyfriend. A week earlier, they had gone to Miami Beach for a festival where at least 38 people later tested positive and three men died of the virus. "We knew it was out there," he said. "There were no real restrictions in place, though. No lockdowns. We just thought, Well, we gotta wash our hands more and be wary of touching our face." Within days of arriving in Boston, he had a 103-degree fever and his lungs were filled with liquid. He was rushed to the hospital, intubated for more than a month and his boyfriend, who called as much as possible and FaceTimed with a nurse’s help, said it was “pretty much like he was in a coma.” Since leaving the hospital last week, Schultz said he’s received a backlash because he attended the Miami Beach festival, but is choosing to focus on his recovery. "I knew what I thought going in," he told "I didn’t think it was as serious as it was until after things started happening. I thought I was young enough for it not to affect me, and I know a lot of people think that."
https://www.foxnews.com/media/jerry-falwell-jr-liberty-university-coronavirus-education|3 days ago|Jerry Falwell Jr. describes how Liberty University 'became the model' for colleges in age of coronavirus|president Jerry Falwell Jr. took the mainstream media to task on " " Tuesday after he received heavy criticism for keeping the Lynchburg, Va. campus open in March, at the height of the . "Well, if you're a conservative college president, be careful because they'll come after you," Fallwell told host Laura Ingraham. "It's totally political. It was totally political. And it was just so reprehensible how they did it. They spent days on campus. and the . And even though there were 'No Trespassing' signs everywhere, [they] never called to ask us for any comment. Never talked to our on-campus doctor." Instead, Falwell claimed, the reporters spoke to a doctor across town and contacted the university on a Sunday, one day before publishing. "We were scrambling, trying to pull everybody together on a Sunday. But that shows their intent," Falwell said. "Their intent was to create this false impression." Falwell said the school focused on online classes in the final weeks of this semester, while keeping regular on-campus hours for the approximately 1,200 students who returned to the dorms after the university's spring break. "We have a campus built for 16,000," he said. "Twelve hundred students came back to stay in the dorms for seven weeks and they were students who either didn't have high-speed internet, had elderly relatives living at home or were international students," Falwell said. "And so they had no place else to go." Falwell said he disagreed with plans by other academic institutions to cancel on-campus instruction in the fall, saying they have an obligation to their students. "I think colleges have an obligation to do whatever they can to continue the student's education. That's what we did," Falwell said. "We do it in a safe manner. We really became the model. We had all takeout at our restaurants. We had social distancing. All the academic buildings were open so they could spread out. And ... it worked perfectly." As of Tuesday, the Virginia Department of Health had confirmed just 75 cases of COVID-19 in Lynchburg, a city of more than 75,000 people. Liberty's residence halls closed for summer break earlier this month, with that "nobody who lived in a campus residence hall or who worked in a campus office tested positive for the virus."
https://www.foxnews.com/sports/pennsylvania-governor-not-happy-ben-roethlisbergers-hair-cut-trip-during-pandemic|3 days ago|Ben Roethlisberger got a haircut, and the Pennsylvania governor is not happy|quarterback reportedly broke restrictions when he recently visited an Allegheny County barbershop, which was not yet permitted according to state rules. The actions of Roethlisberger were criticized by Pennsylvania Gov. Tom Wolf on Tuesday. "My concern is just a general concern," Wolf said during a briefing, according to Pennlive.com. "Anybody who puts himself or herself into harm's way is something that I think we have to try to avoid. When you go to something like a barbershop and you're not protected, I don't care who you are, the chances of that virus actually wreaking havoc on your life increases. "I don't personally think any Pennsylvanian ought to take that chance. I certainly don't want to take that chance myself." Allegheny County is currently in the "yellow" phase, which means it can start the limited reopenings of businesses. Hair salons and barbershops, however, are not supposed to open their doors during the phase. The Steelers posted a video on their Twitter account Monday of Roethlisberger throwing passes to Steelers teammates JuJu Smith-Schuster, Ryan Switzer, and James Conner. The throwing session was a major milestone for the quarterback who had pledged not to cut any locks until he could throw a "legit NFL pass" to one of his teammates. Big Ben had season-ending surgery on his elbow last year. Amid his criticism, Wolf didn't say whether the state would seek to discipline the barbershop. In a statement to , Attorney Marc Kohnen said the barbershop has been closed since Wolf's shutdown order. He said the shop's owner, Carlos Norman, and Roethlisberger are friends, and he cut the quarterbacks' hair as a favor without payment.
https://video.foxnews.com/v/6157866307001/|__clean_error__|__clean_error__|
https://video.foxnews.com/v/6157871896001/|__clean_error__|__clean_error__|
https://www.foxnews.com/politics/federal-judge-rules-in-favor-of-mail-in-ballots-in-texas-says-lack-of-immunity-a-physical-condition|3 days ago|Federal judge rules in favor of mail-in ballots in Texas, says 'lack of immunity' for COVID-19 a physical condition|, the attorney general, said Tuesday that his office would appeal a federal court’s preliminary injunction that allows all registered voters in the state to apply to vote by mail while the country fights the coronavirus pandemic. “The district court’s opinion ignores the evidence and disregards well-established law,” the Texas Republican said in a statement, according to the "We will seek an immediate review by the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals." The paper pointed out that the Lone Star State’s current election law only grants permission for those over 65, who have a disability or plan to be abroad at the time of the vote to apply for a mail-in ballot. Democrats are largely in favor of the voting alternative while Republicans have been critical of the option due to the risk of voter fraud. Judge Fred Biery, a district court judge in San Antonio, sided Tuesday with the state’s Democratic party. "The Court finds such fear and anxiety is inextricably intertwined with voters' physical health. Such apprehension will limit citizens' rights to cast their votes in person. The Court also finds that lack of immunity from COVID-19 is indeed a physical condition," he wrote. Biery reportedly began his order by quoting the preamble of the Declaration of Independence and said, "Two hundred forty-years on, Americans now seek Life without fear of pandemic, Liberty to choose their leaders in an environment free of disease and the pursuit of Happiness without undue restrictions." The ruling would cover the upcoming elections. Dr. , the head of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, said in April that he “can’t guarantee” that it will be safe to physically vote at polls in November due to President Trump has spoken out unfavorably against mail-in ballots and there was a in Wisconsin that pitted Republicans in the state legislature and state Supreme Court against many Democrats nationwide. “It shouldn’t be mail-in voting," Trump added. "It should be: you go to a booth and you proudly display yourself. You don’t send it in the mail where people can pick up. All sorts of bad things can happen … by the time it gets in and is tabulated." the Democrat political consultant, said Republicans will “literally kill people to stay in power.” Patrick Ruffini, a partner at a Republican polling firm, told NPR that mail-in voting does not appear to favor any political party. He said there “hasn’t been strong evidence that a wholesale shift to voting by mail does cause a state to move more Democratic or more Republican. Paxton said his goal is to try to maintain the integrity of the election and has concerns — like Trump — about the possibility of voter fraud. NBC DFW that Biery pointed out that Trump himself used a mail-in ballot and said there was “little or no evidence” to support the claim.
https://www.foxnews.com/politics/planned-parenthood-coronavirus-stimulus-money-ppp-return|3 days ago|Planned Parenthood affiliates improperly applied for and received $80 million in coronavirus stimulus funds, feds say|. Thirty-seven Planned Parenthood affiliates applied for and received a total of $80 million in loans from the Paycheck Protection Program (PPP), Fox News' has learned -- and now the federal government wants the money back, saying the affiliates should have known they weren't eligible for the coronavirus stimulus payouts. The Small Business Administration (SBA) is reaching out to each involved Planned Parenthood affiliate explaining that affiliates of larger organizations with more than 500 employees aren't eligible for PPP distributions, Fox News is told. The Planned Parenthood Federation of America (PFFA) alone has had more than 600 employees. A Planned Parenthood affiliate in Metropolitan Washington (PPMW), for example, will receive a letter stating that although self-certified that it was eligible for a $1,328,000 PPP loan in accordance with the SBA's affiliation rules, it will need to return the money. PPMW's request for money from the Trump administration came just months after the affiliate's president and CEO, Laura Meyers, promised to turn down federal funds. "Planned Parenthood is never going to allow the Trump-Pence administration to bully us into withholding critical health information from our patients," Meyers said last August, after the White House banned Planned Parenthood clinics from making abortion referrals if they wanted to continue receiving federal funds. At the time, Planned Parenthood vowed to give up federal funds entirely, rather than comply with the order. The SBA warned more "severe penalties" were possible, beyond mandatory repayment. In particular, incorrect or false eligibility certifications by PPP recipients could result in criminal or civil sanctions if the SBA determined borrowers made knowingly false statements, the SBA letter read. The letter explained that PPFA affiliates clearly were covered by the PPP affiliate rules. "PPFA's bylaws, a version of which is publicly available, reveal that becoming a PPFA affiliate requires a certification by the PPFA board," the document continued. "Once certified, "[e]ach Affiliate shall be governed by written bylaws, which conform to PPFA policies." The largest single government loan was a $7.5 million allotment to the Planned Parenthood of Orange and San Bernardino Counties in California. One Planned Parenthood affiliate received a loan but declined it. After this report was published, Sens. Marco Rubio, R-Fla., and Josh Hawley, R-Mo., called for an investigation and said the money needed to be returned, warning that criminal prosecution may be appropriate. Rick Scott, R-Fla., and James Lankford, R-Okla., also demanded Planned Parenthood return the funds. Rubio, who has served as chairman of the Senate Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship, said Planned Parenthood's violation of PPP rules was "clear." “There is no ambiguity in the legislation that passed or public record around its passage that organizations such as Planned Parenthood, whose parent organization has close to half a billion dollars in assets, is not eligible for the Paycheck Protection Program,” Rubio said. “Those funds must be returned immediately. Furthermore, the SBA should open an investigation into how these loans were made in clear violation of the applicable affiliation rules and if Planned Parenthood, the banks, or staff at the SBA knowingly violated the law, all appropriate legal options should be pursued.” Later Tuesday evening, Hawley "The money needs to be recovered and if anybody knowingly falsified applications, they need to be prosecuted." Added Scott: "Yet another example of the program being misused. Florida’s taxpayers should not be footing to bail out a huge organization like Planned Parenthood. This money should be returned immediately." Lankford, meanwhile, wrote that "every dollar Planned Parenthood took from PPP was a dollar that did not get to legitimate small businesses." "With an annual budget of over one billion dollars and the explicit Small Business Administration affiliation rules made it clear that Planned Parenthood was not and is not eligible for the Paycheck Protection Program," Lankford wrote. "Like other large organizations that returned monies they were not eligible for, Planned Parenthood should immediately repay the American people the money they took from deserving small businesses and non-profits." The Susan B. Anthony List, a pro-life nonprofit, separately highlighted Planned Parenthood's role as an abortion provider. “Across the country, Planned Parenthood refused to cease its abortion operation in wake of the pandemic, hoarding personal protective equipment and putting its staff and women at risk," a spokesperson for the SBA List told Fox News. "It is rich that they, in turn, feel entitled to taxpayer dollars meant to help businesses in need," the spokesperson continued. "After decades of feeding at the taxpayer’s trough while running the nation’s largest abortion operation, they have over a billion dollars in net assets. They should return this funding immediately. We thank President Trump for his strong commitment to stop taxpayer funding of abortion and abortionists like Planned Parenthood.” This past January, Planned Parenthood reported a record-high number of abortions and government funding. Planned Parenthood affiliates 345,672 abortions from Oct. 1, 2017 to Sept. 30, 2018. At the same time, Planned Parenthood claimed abortion constituted just a small percentage – 4 percent in 2018-2019 – of its services, and that federal funds didn't go directly to abortions. Some 98 percent of PPP loans have been less than $1 million; the program has an average loan of $118,000. Canceled or returned funds can be used during future PPP rounds. Republicans have strongly resisted reported efforts from some Democrats to push abortion-related spending amid the pandemic. In March, The Daily Caller reported House Speaker Nancy Pelosi, D-Calif., tried to include federal funding for abortion in the coronavirus stimulus bill. Multiple senior White House officials told the outlet that speaking to Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin, Pelosi sought a provision for up to $1 billion to "reimburse laboratory claims." That might set a precedent for health-related spending without the protections of the Hyde Amendment, a compromise restricting federal funds for abortion in most cases. "A new mandatory funding stream that does not have Hyde protections would be unprecedented," a White House official said. "Under the guise of protecting people, Speaker Pelosi is working to make sure taxpayer dollars are spent covering abortion — which is not only backwards, but goes against historical norms."
https://www.foxnews.com/us/hurricane-season-hits-early-emergency-officals-worry-about-americas-disaster-fatigue|3 days ago|Hurricane season hits early; emergency officials worry about American’s ‘disaster fatigue’|After two months of the pandemic forcing Americans to stay indoors and face the reality of a global crisis, some emergency officials worry that people living in -prone areas could be impacted by “disaster fatigue.” “We have disaster fatigue, they’re tired of seeing the numbers, they’re tired of seeing the news. … They’re tired,” said Bill Wheeler, the deputy emergency management coordinator of Houston, Texas, told . The 2020 hurricane season has already arrived with Hurricane Arthur, the first named tropical storm of the season, which hit the North Carolina coast earlier this week. Hurricane season usually runs from June 1 to Nov. 30, but it came early this year and AccuWeather's top hurricane expert, Dan Kottlowksi, has projected the 2020 hurricane forecast is going be another busy year. Tropical Storm Imelda in 2019 was the fifth wettest tropical cyclone, which dropped over 50 inches according to the local media outlet, the . Houston has a history of repeated flooding, most notoriously when Hurricane Harvey in 2017 killed more than 100 people. “With hurricane season coming on, we're going to have to lay in some time to be prepared,” said Wheeler. Psychologist and mental health worker for the American Red Cross Susan Silk said that experts need to “craft a message that people won’t tune out, that won’t induce more disaster fatigue.” advises people to “Limit … exposure to the sights and sounds of disaster, especially on television, the radio and in the newspapers.” “Do a hurricane drill at home right now,” said Wheeler. “It’d be a little bit different then COVID-19, but just do a family drill and talk about the things that you want to do.”
https://video.foxnews.com/v/6157873084001/|__clean_error__|__clean_error__|
https://www.foxnews.com/media/tom-cotton-withholding-stimulus-states-illegal-immigrants|3 days ago|Cotton calls for withholding stimulus funds from states, cities where illegal immigrants get payments|Senate Armed Services Committee member , R-Ark., joined " " Tuesday to discuss his proposed legislation that would prevent the federal government from sending taxpayer-funded stimulus dollars to states or cities that issue payments to people in the U.S. illegally. "We shouldn’t be spending hard-earned taxpayer dollars on illegal immigrants at a time when 35 million Americans are out of work," Cotton said. "If we are going to be giving relief checks to those people who are out of work, we need to focus on American citizens, not illegal immigrants." Under Cotton's No Bailouts for Illegal Aliens Act, states or cities must certify that illegal aliens are not receiving coronavirus stimulus checks or other payments. State and city governments that refuse to comply with the certification requirements will not be eligible for funds from the CARES Act. Paycheck Protection Program loans, unemployment benefits and relief checks sent to American citizens in those locations would not be affected. "New York, Illinois, New Jersey, California have some of the highest state income taxes in the entire country," host Sean Hannity told Cotton. "Now, there is more waste, fraud, abuse, debt, deficits. They are now trying to get people like yourself and people in red states that elect responsible politicians that don’t tax and spend to death to bail them out. That means bailout their stupidity. "You talk about illegal immigration," Hannity added. "How much is that costing the state of California every year, the state of New York every year? A lot of money. Cotton also told Hannity that he is still looking to legislate a policy that will encourage domestic production of pharmaceuticals. While many major pharmaceutical companies currently make their home in places like California, New Jersey and Connecticut, many of the necessary ingredients are sourced from overseas. "Unfortunately, Sean, it is a tragic irony that the country that unleashed this pandemic on the world also controls many of the most basic pharmaceutical ingredients for the United States," he said. "That does have to stop. "I've got legislation that would give incentives to build more manufacturing capacity right here in the United States and ultimately ban the import of pharmaceuticals from China many of which are adulterated to begin with."
https://video.foxnews.com/v/6157862977001/|__clean_error__|__clean_error__|
https://video.foxnews.com/v/6157867338001/|__clean_error__|__clean_error__|
https://video.foxnews.com/v/6157868821001/|__clean_error__|__clean_error__|
https://www.foxnews.com/health/nyc-methadone-addicts-coronavirus|3 days ago|NYC delivering methadone to addicts with coronavirus|. health workers have begun delivering free methadone to amid the — sparking outrage from officials who called it “disgusting” and a “recipe for disaster.” The program was announced Tuesday by the city’s Health Department, which said it began with a “soft launch” last month and was expanding the initiative by lowering the age of eligibility from 65 to 50. “Methadone is a life-saving medication,” Health Commissioner Oxiris Barbot said in a prepared statement. “New Yorkers who take methadone and get sick from COVID-19 should not have to choose between getting their medication and protecting their health or the health of others.” Federal regulations previously barred home delivery of methadone, but the COVID-19 pandemic led to an emergency loosening of the rules for addicts who’ve tested positive for the disease, show symptoms or are at high risk if they get infected, the Health Department said. Teams of two workers each have been specially trained and will be outfitted with masks, hand sanitizer and disinfecting wipes to safely make about 1,300 curbside deliveries a month to addicts’ homes and taxpayer-funded hotels, the Health Department said. Participants will receive at least seven days’ worth of methadone, an oral pain reliever that’s used to prevent withdrawal symptoms in addicts who are enrolled in treatment programs.
https://www.foxnews.com/world/germany-france-multibillion-dollar-aid-european-union-coronavirus-pandemic|3 days ago|Germany and France roll out multibillion-dollar proposal to aid EU countries stricken by coronavirus|German Chancellor and French President announced an initiative Monday that would aid the European Union (EU) as it works to fight the pandemic. The two countries proposed the establishment of a recovery fund in the amount of €500 billion, roughly $547 billion U.S., to help EU countries and industries impacted by COVID-19. Unlike an earlier rescue package that was created to help EU countries that offered loans, this initiative will offer grants, officials said. The plan is not expected to be able to send any funds until 2021 to the areas hardest hit and will likely target initiatives that the EU prioritizes, such as digitalization and fighting climate change. “It’s a historic breakthrough,” French Finance Minister Bruno Le Maire said Tuesday. “We will be able to support the economic recovery in the countries most hit by the virus.” “The second consequence is political: France and Germany affirm loud and clear their determination to see solidarity among European Union members placed at the heart of the European construction,” Bruno said, further calling it “a historical step for the whole European Union.” Macron and Merkel participated in a video conference to discuss the new proposal. Merkel said the plan will "support a sustainable recovery that restores and enhances growth in the EU, Germany and France," as well as "support an ambitious, temporary and targeted Recovery Fund." The proposal still faces opposition in parts of the EU, and it is unclear at this time if the proposal would be separate from or included in the recovery plan that the European Commission was planning to roll out May 27. Commission spokesperson Eric Mamer said the new proposal “goes in the direction we are heading in,” but the commission’s plan would not likely “copy and paste” the proposal as is. Germany and France have the largest economies in the EU and are regarded as a political powerhouse when the nations work together.
https://www.foxnews.com/politics/judge-ramps-up-texas-mail-in-voting-amid-coronavirus-outbreak-ag-vows-to-appeal|3 days ago|Judge ramps up Texas mail-in voting amid coronavirus outbreak; AG vows to appeal|A court ruling by a federal judge on Tuesday has expanded mail-in voting to all of the voters in amidst fears of the , but Republican Attorney General Ken Paxton has vowed to appeal the decision. Democratic lawmakers across the country have been pushing to steer voters toward mail-in ballots as the coronavirus pandemic presented a health hurdle that could deter voters from appearing in person, but the battle has been uphill and marred with lawsuits as Republicans fight to sustain what Paxton calls "well-established law." Voting by mail in Texas is generally limited to those 65 or older or those with a “sickness or physical condition” that prevents voting in person, but Paxton has argued that fear of contracting coronavirus -- which has infected nearly 50,000 people and killed at least 1,300 people in the state -- is not a sufficient disability under the law. The court disagreed in their ruling and Biery wrote, “Clearly, fear and anxiety currently gripping the United States has limited citizens’ physical movements, affected their mental senses and constricted activities, socially and economically." Republicans have also peddled a theory by President Trump that mail-in voting could up the chances of voter fraud, a claim which Biery refuted on Tuesday, citing scant evidence. “It is time for a few state officers to stop trying to force people to expose themselves to COVID-19 in order to vote,” Gilberto Hinojosa, chairman of the Texas Democratic Party, said. Texas will hold primary runoff elections in July. Gov. Greg Abbott, a Republican, has already expanded early voting for that election, which will decide the nominees in key congressional races and which the yet-to-be-decided Democratic challenger will face Republican Sen. John Cornyn. Abbott has caught flack for his efforts to charge ahead with reopening his state to save its economy, particularly after the number of cases continued to climb after he began lifting restrictions on May 1. Abbott has defended the speed by emphasizing that hospitalizations have remained flat and infection rates have dropped since April.
https://www.foxnews.com/media/tucker-carlson-russia-investigation-powerful-china-coronavirus|3 days ago|Tucker: Our leaders 'wasted literally years accusing each other of working for Putin' and China benefited|Tucker Carlson opened his program Tuesday night by bashing proponents of the narrative, saying was the biggest beneficiary of the controversy that engulfed the first two years of the Trump presidency. "The beauty of the Russia fable was that it allowed ... our ruling class to ignore the huge number of actual problems the United States faced, problems that in many cases they caused, or at the very least failed to solve," the " " host said. "The drug addiction crisis that has killed tens of thousands, hundreds of thousands over time. The border that is essentially open. A disappearing middle class, the core of our country. The rise of China, and then, of course, any number of counterproductive foreign wars that should have ended long ago." "For three years, nobody in Washington talked about any of this," Carlson said. "In fact, failing to worry about Russia exclusively invited suspicion on you." Carlson then turned to a newly written by Obama national security adviser Susan Rice regarding the investigation into her designated successor, Michael Flynn. "Susan Rice, who seems smart -- she went to Stanford -- admitted later that she decided Michael Flynn was a Russian spy because he talked too much about China. 'That's what Russian spies do,'" Carlson said. "Now, Donald Trump was elected, no one thought he would be, precisely because he talked about issues like these, the ones that mattered. "That was a massive threat. So they derailed to a large extent, his first term agenda using a hoax concocted by the administration he replaced." The host claimed that "while our leaders in Washington wasted literally years accusing each other of working for [Vladimir] Putin, China grew more powerful." "By the time this version of coronavirus spread west from Wuhan, China was calling many of the shots internationally. We didn't even know it until the crisis hit," Carlson said. The host said "China's tentacles extend almost everywhere in our society," including higher education, Hollywood and sports. "All of this has changed our lives in profound ways," Carlson said. "But all of it happened with very little public notice. Why? Because the people making it possible didn't want to advertise it. They were getting very rich from it."
https://www.foxnews.com/us/missouri-killer-first-executed-us-coronavirus-pandemic|3 days ago|Missouri killer is first person executed in US since coronavirus pandemic began|has executed a man decades ago in the stabbing murder of an elderly Ozark woman, marking the country’s first capital punishment since the coronavirus pandemic began. Walter Barton, 64, received a death sentence for the 1991 slaying of Gladys Kuehler, an 81-year-old who owned a mobile home park in Ozark. Over a span of almost three decades, the case has gone through appeals, mistrials and two overturned convictions. But the end arrived after the of execution earlier Tuesday, and Gov. Mike Parson declined to grant clemency. Barton was with Kuehler’s granddaughter and a neighbor the night of Oct. 9, 1991, when they discovered the victim’s body in her bedroom, The Associated Press reported. She had been beaten, sexually assaulted and stabbed more than 50 times. Police found three small bloodstains on Barton’s clothing, but he said that it got there when he pulled the granddaughter away from the body. She initially confirmed that version of events -- only to testify later that Barton never actually entered the bedroom. During the trial, a blood spatter expert said the small stains likely came from the “impact” of the knife. But more recent court filings cited a different examination, which concluded the killer would have had much more blood on his clothes, according to Barton's attorney, Fred Duchardt Jr. Duchardt said three jurors from the trial recently signed affidavits calling the new development "compelling" and saying it would have affected their deliberations. The jury foreman said that based on the new evidence, he would have felt “uncomfortable” recommending Barton for the death penalty. Authorities have postponed scheduled executions as the coronavirus outbreak complicated last-minute appeals and clemency requests and made obtaining records or conducting interviews difficult, according to attorneys for death row inmates across the country. Barton’s execution is the first in the U.S. since was put to death in in early March for his role in the 2004 killings of three police officers. It was conducted in a prison with no confirmed cases of the coronavirus. Everyone entering the facility underwent a temperature screening and was provided with a face mask if they showed up without one. Witnesses to the execution were divided between three rooms, and social distancing was maintained, although some individuals reportedly chose not to wear masks.
https://video.foxnews.com/v/6157860170001/|__clean_error__|__clean_error__|
https://www.foxnews.com/science/7-coronavirus-strains-found-bats-africa-study-finds|3 days ago|7 strains of coronavirus found in bats in Africa, study finds|Seven new strains of the have been found in bats that eat insects in caves in Gabon, , according to a new study published in multiple . According to , 18 out of 1,000 bats living in caves across the country had coronaviruses. Five of the new seven coronaviruses are connected to earlier strains that were linked to humans. It is not clear whether the new strains can spread to humans. These new strains had been completely unknown previously. More than 4.8 million people worldwide have been confirmed infected by COVID-19, and about 320,000 deaths have been recorded, according to a tally by Johns Hopkins University -- which experts believe is on the low side of calculations. he's seen evidence suggesting the virus came from a Chinese lab after Fox News asked if he knew of anything that gave him confidence that the outbreak originated in the Wuhan Institute of Virology. "Yes, I have," he replied at the time. "And I think that the World Health Organization [WHO] should be ashamed of themselves because they’re like the public relations agency for China." Multiple sources previously told Fox News that it is believed standards in Wuhan were disregarded before the virus leaked, prompting Beijing to initiate a cover-up. Sources also claimed the WHO was complicit from the beginning in helping China cover its tracks. The WHO and China have denied any wrongdoing. The Saturday Telegraph also reported that key figures at the Wuhan Institute of Virology previously worked or trained in Australian government labs where they conducted research on pathogens in live bats as part of an ongoing partnership with the Chinese Academy of Sciences. According to a since-leaked dossier, the team's work at the Wuhan lab involved discovering samples of coronavirus within a cave in the Yunnan province and synthesizing a bat-derived coronavirus that could not be cured.
https://www.foxnews.com/us/new-orleans-lower-ninth-ward-coronavirus-racial-disparities|3 days ago|New Orleans' Lower Ninth Ward battling racial disparities brought on by coronavirus|. NEW ORLEANS, La. - Nearly 15 years after destroyed Lower Ninth Ward, residents are still trying to restore the community back to what it once was. There’s been progress, but the spread of the coronavirus could undo it all. Burnell Cotlon, the owner of Burnell’s Lower 9th Ward Market, said the virus has taken the community two steps backward. Cotlon has operated the only grocery in the Lower Ninth Ward since Hurricane Katrina tore the neighborhood apart in 2005. He’s is used to seeing people in the predominantly black neighborhood struggle financially, but the hardships brought on by the have been tough—even for him to take in. “If I had to compare COVID-19 to Hurricane Katrina, it’s a no-brainer. At least with a hurricane, you can pick your family up and leave because you have a warning. With this virus it’s impossible,” he said. “It’s like they have the weight of the world on their shoulders. You’re dealing with Katrina. You’re dealing with the virus. And then it’s also a poor neighborhood.” Cotlon said customers have come into the store and have been reduced to tears after their debuts cards decline purchases they’ve tried to make. So, he’s just given away the food on his shelves—fruits, vegetables, bread—with a hug of support. This even as the global pandemic has forced him to confront hardships of his own. “I’m a veteran. I used my VA loan to buy my house about seven blocks from here,” he said. "I’ve been late a couple of times because I had to decide ‘do I close down or do I pay my mortgage?” Black communities across the country have been among the hardest hit by the coronavirus. According to by amfAR, a nonprofit that focuses on AIDS studies, black people account for about 58 percent of deaths caused by the virus and more than half of the nation’s cases. The racial disparities have shown up in New Orleans neighborhoods. According to census tract data from the Department of Health, more than 90 percent of predominantly black neighborhoods in the city have infections between 1-3 percent. The numbers drop dramatically in majority-white neighborhoods; 16 percent of people in those communities had similar infection rates. Thomas LaVeist, dean of Tulane University’s School of Public Health and Tropical Medicine, said the accelerated spread in poorer black communities was alarming but not surprising. He said people in those neighborhoods were more likely to work in the service industry and live in close quarters giving the virus ample opportunity to spread. “People have less ability to have the finances to mitigate something like this. Less likely to have jobs to work from home on zoom and still collect their entire salary,” he said. LaVeist, who also serves on coronavirus task forces for both Louisiana Governor Jon Bel Edwards and New Orleans Mayor Latoya Cantrell, said state and local leaders need to prioritize vulnerable communities as decisions to reopen economies are decided. Educating minority communities is also of great importance, he said. Tulane University is launching an educational outreach program entitled “The Skin You’re In.” It’s aimed at targeting black communities such as the Lower Ninth Ward and teaching people about the risks the coronavirus has posed. LaVeist said the hope is people walk away with three tools to mitigate the spread of the coronavirus: hand washing, personal distance and the importance of wearing a mask. “We don’t have a medical response. All we have is public health education,” he said. “We have to motivate people to do the right thing.” For now, Cotlon has been doing whatever he needed to do to make sure people in the Lower Ninth Ward have been protected. He’s stocked up on N95 face masks and hand sanitizer so people won’t have to take three buses to the nearest big box store. He’s also working to open up an Internet café behind his grocery store so the community has all the resources they need to succeed when schools and businesses resume. They’ve got a fight on their hands with the virus, but Cotlon said he’s determined to get his people over this most recent hurdle. “I can’t stop and I’m not going to stop,” he said. “I’m just an average guy, but I got above average dreams of seeing the Lower Ninth Ward catch up with the rest of the city.”
https://video.foxnews.com/v/6157861443001/|__clean_error__|__clean_error__|
https://www.foxnews.com/media/pennsylvania-lawmaker-coronavirus-keystone-kops-keystone-state|3 days ago|Pennsylvania lawmaker bashes gov's coronavirus response: 'Keystone Kops are running the Keystone State'|State Sen. Doug Mastriano criticized the administration of Democratic Gov. Tom Wolf for its response to the Tuesday, telling " " the "Keystone Kops are running the Keystone State." "Every day we wake up and it is still being played on a b-roll ... God help us," the Republican said. "This sort of thing you'd just never imagine would have happened in America; especially Pennsylvania, the birthplace of independence and freedom. But it did, and action needs to be taken." Mastriano has led calls for the resignation of Pennsylvania Health Secretary Dr. Rachel Levine, who admitted last week that she had moved her 95-year-old mother from a senior care facility into a hotel suite as the coronavirus ravaged nursing and personal care homes in the state. "My mother is 95 years old," Levine said at the time. 'She is very intelligent and more than competent to make her own decision." Mastriano noted that Levine and Wolf had correctly surmised that older, sicker people would be more susceptible to the coronavirus. However, Levine still put out a memo on March 18 directing nursing homes to re-admit COVID-positive patients to their facilities in order to free up hospital beds. "I retired from the Army two years ago, and maybe I'm off my rocker, but I thought at some point we would come together and agree when there's just sheer incompetence, and the secretary has been delivering nothing but medical malpractice here," Mastriano said. "This is something we definitely can come together on, but instead they're [Democrats are] circling the wagons here and defending this administration. It is utter madness." As of Monday, 3,086 of Pennsylvania's 4,505 reported COVID-19 deaths -- 68 percent -- were residents of nursing homes or long-term care facilites, from Phil Kerpen of the Committee to Unleash Prosperity. Mastriano has also criticized Wolf for being slow to lift lockdown orders in the state. The governor has been using a traffic-lighted system with "red" and "yellow" counties stuck in very restrictive phases and "green" counties allowed to resume largely normal operations. Much of the state will be in the "yellow" phase by the end of this week, with dine-in service at restaurants strongly restricted and barbershops and movie theaters banned from operating. "Every business, every job is essential," Mastriano said at an April "ReOpen PA" rally, noting Wolf's delineation of "non-life-sustaining" and "life-sustaining" businesses. "It's nice for a rich kid to tell us that, but for those of us who have worked for a living, he doesn't know what he's talking about," he added, . Mastriano is also the chief sponsor of , which would summarily terminate Governor Wolf's executive order through which he has enacted his sweeping lockdown measures. While Republicans are the majority party in both chambers of the state legislature, they do not hold a veto-proof majority in either house.
https://video.foxnews.com/v/6157847422001/|__clean_error__|__clean_error__|
https://www.foxnews.com/us/newsom-coronavirus-orders-may-infringe-californians-rights-doj|3 days ago|Newsom's coronavirus executive orders may infringe on Californians' rights to worship, DOJ argues|In a letter to California Tuesday, a high-ranking (DOJ) official warned that parts of the state’s shutdown order may infringe upon freedoms in the . “Simply put, there is no pandemic exception to the U.S. Constitution and its Bill of Rights,” Assistant Attorney General Eric Dreiband wrote. He argued that the state’s shutdown treats religious gatherings differently than it treats nonreligious gatherings that may involve similar numbers of people. “Laws that do not treat religious activities equally with comparable nonreligious activities are subject to heightened scrutiny under the Free Exercise Clause of the First Amendment,” he wrote. One issue involves restrictions that prohibit socially distanced, in-person religious gatherings but still allow certain in-person, nonreligious activities. For example, employees can report to work at entertainment industry or e-commerce jobs that enforce social distancing guidelines. “This facially discriminates against religious exercise,” Dreiband wrote. “California has not shown why interactions in offices and studios of the entertainment industry, and in-person operations to facilitate nonessential e-commerce, are included on the list as being allowed with social distancing where telework is not practical, while gatherings with social distancing for purposes of religious worship are forbidden, regardless of whether remote worship is practical or not.” Dreiband also took issue with the state’s reopening plan, which he said will allow schools, restaurants, shopping malls and some other high-occupancy facilities to reopen in Stage 2 -- while religious services cannot resume until Stage 3. Faith-based counseling services are listed as Stage 2 operations. According to California’s -- the name of its plan for a gradual reopening -- Stage 2 involves “lower-risk workplaces,” while Stage 3 involves “higher-risk workplaces.” Stage 4 is the end of the stay-at-home order altogether. The state entered its Stage 2 on May 8, according to information on its coronavirus response website. Retail stores are allowed to offer curbside pickup and delivery only. Offices and manufacturing facilities can reopen so long as they follow state guidance on how to do so safely. Stage 2 facilities are required to implement their own risk assessments and protection plans, train employees on how to limit the spread of COVID-19, implement disinfecting measures, screen incoming individuals and maintain physical distancing. “The Department of Justice does not seek to dictate how states such as California determine what degree of activity and personal interaction should be allowed to protect the safety of their citizens,” Dreiband wrote. “However, we are charged with upholding the Constitution and federal statutory protections for civil rights. Whichever level of restrictions you adopt, these civil rights protections mandate equal treatment of persons and activities of a secular and religious nature.” The assistant attorney general also argued that while a number of U.S. District Courts have denied temporary restraining orders against parts of the shutdown in California, other decisions around the country have made clear that “reopening plans cannot unfairly burden religious services.” “We believe… that the Constitution calls for California to do more to accommodate religious worship, including in Stage 2 of the Reopening Plan,” he concluded. Earlier this month, Newsom declared May 7 as a . “Though houses of worship may be empty, hearts are not,” he said at the time. “We stand with all Californians who make time for prayer and reflection during these extraordinary moments.”
https://www.foxnews.com/politics/congress-parliamentary-distancing-coronavirus|3 days ago|Congress' 'parliamentary distancing' in the age of coronavirus|The was in session last week. Then left. Then the appeared at the end of the week. Then left, too. The Senate returned this week. Senators leave Washington later this week for a recess. And then the House is back in session next week. You’ve heard of social distancing. Call this " distancing." Late last week, the staff of House Minority Leader Kevin McCarthy, R-Calif., sent out an email to the press corps titled “See you in July? August? Later?” The House of Representatives hasn’t met en masse very much since late March. There was a series of all-day votes in late April to approve the fourth bill, to the tune of $484 billion. Then the House convened a marathon, 13-hour session on Friday to pass a staggering $3 trillion in coronavirus spending -- and permit remote hearings and proxy voting on the House floor. The protracted session consumed the entire day. The House stretched out its roll call votes to an hour apiece to practice social distancing. After all, the House couldn’t just have all 432 of its current members spilling into the chamber at once and then waiting around for the next vote. Instead, the House divided its membership into six blocks and spaced out when members would report to the chamber to vote. Buried in the House’s measure linked to remote hearings and proxy voting was a provision that allowed the House to adjourn at any time “from May 19, 2020, through July 21, 2020.” Team McCarthy highlighted this in its missive to the media: “If so, Happy Memorial Day, Happy Flag Day, and Happy Independence Day. See you after that, maybe?” Not quite. That language McCarthy’s aides cited gives the House the option to just come back in July. But the GOP is hammering away at the narrative that House Democrats are asleep at the switch and House Speaker Nancy Pelosi, D-Calif., is back in San Francisco fixated on her personal stash of ice cream. During an appearance on Fox News, McCarthy attempted to highlight how Republicans were running the Senate, compared to how Pelosi operated the House. “The Senate is open. Starbucks is open. But not the House,” McCarthy said. “[Pelosi] wants to change how Congress works itself.” That’s a reference to the proxy voting provision the House okayed along party lines on Friday. During the pandemic, if lawmakers can’t make it to Capitol Hill to vote, are sick themselves or are caring for a vulnerable loved one, they could, in essence, “phone in” their vote to members serving as proxies on the floor. The proxies would take the votes of those absent members, write them on a card and hand them in from the well of the chamber. Those holding the proxies aren’t permitted to deviate from how their colleagues want them to vote in absentia. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, R-Ky., declared that House members “were away from their duty stations” for two months. It’s actually good politics for the GOP -- mired for now in the minority -- to contrast the GOP-controlled Senate to the Democratically-run House. That plays to the image Republicans are trying to paint. Democrats are absent from Washington. And, when they do show up, they approve $3 trillion in spending. “It would be nice if Congress could be in session,” lamented McCarthy at an event on Capitol Hill where he introduced two new GOP House members to the press corps. Reps. Mike Garcia, R-Calif., and Tom Tiffany, R-Wis., both won special elections last week. But, Garcia and Tiffany couldn’t have been sworn in unless the House was in session. The House, in fact, was in session Tuesday morning to swear in the new members -- by none other than Pelosi herself. McCarthy even spoke about the members from the floor. The Senate will be out of session next week for the usual Memorial Day break. But the House will meet for two days next week to deal with a bill to reform FISA and perhaps another coronavirus measure. Fox News is told the House and Senate are informally alternating when they are in session in an effort to practice some degree of social distancing. The Senate met for most of last week, then vacated the Capitol on Thursday afternoon. That gave way to the House of Representatives meeting for a 13-hour session with multiple, hour-long votes on Friday. The key was not having both bodies meet at the same time. “That reduces the virus footprint,” one congressional source said. The Senate needs to physically be in session to burn through floor hours often mandated by procedural rules. However, the House can condense most of its debate into one or two days, even if it means lengthy, socially-distanced vote series. Fox News is told the House was eyeing a return to a normal schedule sometime in June. But nothing is set. Even though proxy voting is allowed, don’t expect a skeleton crew of House members in attendance next week. Fox News is told to expect lots of members to show up when there are votes. Proxy voting doesn’t prohibit members from casting their ballots on the floor, in person. But few Republicans are satisfied with the proxy vote option. By the way, proxy voting is not a “rules” change, as described by some. It’s something the House calls a “standing order.” Rep. Jim Jordan, R-Ohio, delivered a fiery speech at a House Rules Committee hearing on proxy voting last week. “You’ve got to have a majority present!” Jordan thundered. “You can’t mail it in. ‘Present’ means ‘present!’” House Rules Committee Chairman Jim McGovern, D-Mass., authored the new provisions on proxy voting. McGovern took issue with Jordan’s rhetoric -- and lack of a face mask. “I would just like to remind the panel of the advice [Capitol Attending Physician] Dr. [Brian] Monahan gave -- that if the discussion becomes especially high-spirited in nature, we should wear masks. We release virus particles into the microphone.” “Changing the Constitution should be high-spirited, Mr. Chairman!” Jordan snapped. The House and Senate have never liked one another, regardless of if it’s today or the 19th century. And perhaps the coronavirus has temporarily given the House and Senate yet another reason to avoid one another.
https://www.foxnews.com/lifestyle/hair-salons-barbershops-open-during-coronavirus-pandemic|3 days ago|Hair salons, barbershops stay open during coronavirus pandemic, even when less-than-legal|Barbers and hairstylists throughout the country are keeping their shops open despite various government orders to shut down and close their doors amid the pandemic. The subject became national news when hair salon owner Shelley Luther was after being one of the first in her industry to publicly defy the law. Fox News' highlighted the of releasing thousands of prisoners and inmates due to COVID-19, while simultaneously jailing a business owner who said she was trying to feed her family. He also criticized Judge Eric Moy, who handed down the sentence, and accused him of letting his political bias overcome a judge's duty to exercise judicial restraint. "Moy is a deeply irresponsible person. He is a political hack. He's a self-described Democratic Party activist," Tucker said. "He once circulated a chain letter denouncing Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas as a race traitor." In Michigan, barber Karl Manke had his after also refusing to shutter his store. When a judge without first holding a hearing, state officials opted to suspend both his barber and shop licenses. Manke’s attorney, Dave Kallman, told the that the state’s action against the 77-year-old barber was “an abuse of power.” "I think it’s totally vindictive," Kallman said. "It’s petty, it’s totally in retribution because they didn’t like the court order from earlier this week.” On the West Coast, California has threatened to take action against any salons that are non-compliant with shutdown orders, and said it claimed to be investigating 651 related complaints, USA Today . The city of Los Angeles reportedly filed criminal complaints against four salons and one barbershop, in addition to 55 other businesses. Hairstylists have now begun to set up makeshift haircut stations in their homes so they can service customers, without officially defying state regulations, according to USA Today. Carmelle Harris, a hairstylist from Compton, Calif., claimed she had no choice but to reopen so that she could meet her monetary obligations and stave off financial ruin. “Do I take a chance and get turned into a criminal because I decided to work and pay my bills on time?’’ Harris, 38, told USA Today. “Or do I just sit and watch my bills pile up, so when the economy does open up I’m thousands and thousands of dollars in debt?’’ Gov. Ned Lamont back the state's original May 20 deadline for hair salons to reopen by almost two weeks. The new date is now tentatively set for June 1. “We’ve been hearing a lot of feedback from many owners and employees, and at this time I think the best approach is that we hit pause on the reopening of hair salons and barbershops, take a step back, and allow some more time as preparations continue to be made,” he tweeted Monday.
https://www.foxnews.com/us/coronavirus-millions-hogs-euthanized-supply-chain|3 days ago|Millions of hogs could be euthanized as coronavirus hurts supply chain, industry warns|The United States pork industry is facing a crisis due to -related closures -- with industry insiders warning that up to 10 million hogs face euthanasia. Pork packing-plant capacities have dropped by over 40 percent during the outbreak, according to the (NPPC). It referred to the crisis as the “COVID-19 bottleneck,” explaining the number of pigs ready for harvest has superseded the capacity to do so. This has also meant that America’s meat supply has been down. “The food supply chain is vulnerable,” Tyson Foods warned in a statement late last month. “As pork, beef and chicken plants are being forced to close, even for short periods of time, millions of pounds of meat will disappear from the supply chain.” But, meat shortages aren’t the only problem facing the meatpacking industry. Financial stability and animal-welfare concerns also have arisen from the coronavirus pandemic. “These hogs will eventually stay on farms too long and grow too large to be accepted by harvest facilities. The situation is taking a severe emotional and financial toll on hog farmers,” the NPPC told Fox News in a statement. When pigs reach 270 pounds, they’re ready for harvest, which means they are sent either to processing plants for restaurant consumption or to grocery stores for purchase. According to the NPPC, “Hogs that exceed weight specifications cannot be processed through the nation’s primary harvest facilities due to constraints in the equipment and concerns with worker safety.” Therefore, “U.S. hog farmers now face the tragic reality: up to 10 million hogs... with no place to go.” Many farmers have been facing the reality of mass culling – the euthanasia of their farm animals. The American Veterinary Medical Association (AVMA) has laid out “ ” on how to depopulate swine “humanely.” But, the AVMA recognized that depopulation of farm animals will not always be done entirely humanely and the guidelines noted, “When the absence of pain and distress cannot always be achieved, depopulation must still be guided by balancing the ideal and the ethical impulse of minimal pain.” Animal-rights groups such as Mercy for Animals have fought back against some of the euthanasia methods, along with the funds allocated for “depopulation” in the HEROES Act passed by the House of Representatives last week. “Because of COVID-19, chickens, pigs and other animals killed for their flesh are being slaughtered in ways most people find abhorrent. Hens are smothered with foam, pigs are shot in the head, while their young are slammed against the pavement,” PETA Senior Vice President Lisa Lange told Fox News. The NPPC has requested over $1.6 billion in emergency funds from Congress, $1.17 going towards compensating farmers retroactively from April 19. The other portion of $505 million would be divided among “depopulation expenses” and facilitating “environmentally responsible disposal.” “The last time we had plant capacity issues was in 1998,” Iowa State University economist Dr. Dermot Hayes said. “The [U.S. Department of Agriculture] acted too slowly and with too little money and we lost an entire generation of hog producers.” But, the NPPC told Fox News that it was “pleased with [the] livestock agriculture provisions included in the HEROES Act passed by the House last week.” Meat suppliers argued that as long as meatpacking production remained slow due to COVID-19 regulations, animals will continue to be “depopulated” to make room for the new pigs coming into production. “The meat trade is an egregiously violent industry and now that we know that raising and killing animals for food is linked to SARS, swine flu, bird flu, and now a novel coronavirus, it's as clear as the gloved hand in front of your masked face that it's past time to go vegan,” Lange said. Neither Mercy For Animals nor the AVMA could be reached immediately for comment.
https://www.foxnews.com/us/states-sharing-coronavirus-patients-addresses-with-law-enforcement|3 days ago|Most states sharing coronavirus patients' addresses with law enforcement, report says|At least two-thirds of states across the country are sharing the addresses of people who have tested positive for with first responders, and at least 10 states are going so far as to share patients' identities as well. The move is an effort by officials to arm and other frontline workers with information that could help them avoid contracting the virus from one of the over 11 million people who have been infected in the U.S., according to reports by the Associated Press. However, those patients who took a test were assured that their private medical information would not be disclosed to anyone else, and activists are concerned that revealing the information would put minority groups at higher risk of being racially profiled, heightening tensions between law enforcement and black and Hispanic communities. “The information could actually have a chilling effect that keeps those already distrustful of the government from taking the COVID-19 test and possibly accelerate the spread of the disease,” the Tennessee Black Caucus said in a statement. State and local health departments keep track of who has received a test in their region and then provide the information to dispatch centers. The process is within the bounds of medical privacy laws, according to the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services. A review by the AP of information given to states shows that at least 35 states that share the addresses of those who tested positive. At least 10 states -- Colorado, Iowa, Louisiana, Nevada, New Hampshire, New Jersey, North Dakota, Ohio, South Dakota and Tennessee -- also share the names. Wisconsin did so briefly but stopped earlier this month. When responding to a call for help, dispatchers are able to flag the information in a computer system regarding a positive case of COVID-19 and use it to forewarn responding officials to use precautions to prevent the spread of the disease. First responders are not allowed to refuse a call if it relates to a positive case of the virus and in some states, the information is deleted after a period of time. Detractors of the practice also point to potential issues concerning immigration, if local officials are instructed to share the information they've obtained with federal agencies, such as the Department of Homeland Security.
https://www.foxnews.com/world/us-canada-will-keep-border-closed-to-non-essential-travel-until-june-21-trudeau-says|3 days ago|US, Canada will keep border closed to nonessential travel until June 21, Trudeau says|The will remain closed until June 21 to nonessential travel as both countries monitor the coronavirus pandemic. President Trump said Tuesday that although there are lingering worries about the economies of border states suffering due to continued shutdowns, he is optimistic that restrictions could be lifted before the agreed-upon deadline. "Canada's our neighbor. We have a great relationship. We love Canada, So we're going to be talking and at the right time, we'll open that up very quickly," Trump said. "That'll go over easily." Acting U.S. Secretary Chad Wolf said nonessential travel will not be permitted until the administration is convinced that doing so is safe and secure. “We have been in contact with our Canadian and Mexican counterparts and they also agree that extending these restrictions is prudent at this time,” Wolf said in a statement. Essential cross-border workers like health care professionals, airline crews and truck drivers are still permitted to cross. Truck drivers are critical as they move food and medical goods in both directions. Much of Canada’s food supply comes from or via the U.S. Canada sends 75 percent of its exports to the U.S. and about 18 percent of American exports go to Canada. Americans who are returning to America and Canadians returning to Canada are also exempted from the border closure. The director for the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, Dr. Robert Redfield, also said the restrictions should remain in effect until the CDC "determines that the danger of further introduction of COVID-19 into the United States from covered aliens has ceased to be a serious danger to the public health." The border closures first went into effect in March and were renewed one other time -- in April -- as deaths and infections due to the coronavirus continued to mount. Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau said Tuesday the border is a source of vulnerability and added that the continued measure "will keep people in both of our countries safe." Trudeau also added that officials continue to examine efforts to beef up testing and contact tracing at the border as needed. “These are ongoing questions,” he said. “But even now, we know that we need to do more to ensure that travelers who are coming back from overseas or from the United States as Canadians are properly followed up on, are properly isolated and don’t become further vectors for the spread of COVID-19,"
https://www.foxnews.com/entertainment/met-gala-2020-canceled|3 days ago|Met Gala 2020 has been officially canceled, museum says|Roll up the red carpet, because there will be no in 2020. Following the Metropolitan Museum of Art’s mid-March decision to close its doors and in the face of the COVID-19 pandemic, the Met announced on Tuesday that this year’s event has been called off entirely. The Costume Institute’s , which would have set the theme for the 2020 fête, is still set to open on October 29 and run through February 7, 2021. The Met now plans to reopen around mid-August, although all talks, tours, concerts and events have been canceled through the end of the year. A spokeswoman for the Met that the 2021 gala will be focused on next year’s Costume Institute exhibition, which has not yet been announced. When it was initially announced that the Vogue-hosted bash wouldn’t take place on the usual date, fashion-hungry fans sprang into action, at home. Celebrities like got in on the fun, too — and Katy Perry even shared a glimpse at she’d planned to wear on the big night. Time to start looking forward to the first Monday of next May.
https://video.foxnews.com/v/6157848301001/|__clean_error__|__clean_error__|
https://www.foxnews.com/politics/atlanta-mayor-georgia-reopening-not-as-bad-as-feared-despite-coronavirus|3 days ago|Atlanta mayor: Georgia's reopening 'not as bad' as feared despite coronavirus|Mayor Keisha Lance Bottoms said Monday that ’s move to reopen the state's economy has not been “as bad” as she first thought. Bottoms, a , made an appearance on MSNBC when she was asked if she was wrong to initially criticize Kemp's decision. "Is it a little muddier than being able to say, 'I was right' or “I was wrong'?" anchor Brian Williams asked. "Are we as of the time of this conversation somewhere in the middle, do you think?" “Well, what I can say, Brian, is it’s not as bad as I thought that it would be," Bottoms said. “So, I am pleased about that, but I still think it’s too soon to say,” she added. “The reason being, whereas initially, we were seeing increases between deaths and people testing positive, rising anywhere from 25 to 30 percent over a seven-day period. Right now, we’re somewhere between 12 and 15 percent. And it’s better than it was, but it’s still not great. We’ve still not seen that 14-day decline, as recommended by the CDC [Centers for Disease Control and Prevention].” Bottoms and other Georgia Democrats criticized Kemp's reopening plan last month. Kemp -- a -- became the first governor in the country to allow several industries, including gyms and hair salons, to reopen while other states remained under strict stay-at-home orders. At the time, Bottoms to stay indoors. with Kemp over the move, saying Georgia had not met benchmarks established by his administration that states should clear before moving forward with the reopening process. As of Tuesday, Georgia reported 38,721 confirmed COVID-19 cases, including 1,664 deaths, according to the state Department of Public Health.
https://www.foxnews.com/media/meghan-mccain-seth-meyers-gretchen-whitmer|3 days ago|Meghan McCain swipes Seth Meyers for 'sucking up' to Gov. Whitmer, warns conservative women not to appear on his show|"The View" co-host knocked "Late Night" host Seth Meyers over a friendly interview he had with Democratic Michigan Gov. . During the virtual sit-down on Monday, Meyers discussed the heated stay-at-home battle Whitmer has faced against protesters in her state but also discussed her potentially being Joe Biden's running mate, her thoughts on the the "Saturday Night Live" impersonation she recently received, and her newly-installed punching bag she has been using and whether or not she ever "rotate names." After seeing an article shared by NewsBusters, which claimed that Meyers had "sucked up" to Whitmer during the interview, McCain offered a warning to other conservative women who may get invited to appear on "Late Night." "Caveat emptor for ANY conservative or right leaning woman naive enough to go on his show. Trust me on this one," McCain wrote. McCain, perhaps subtly, may have hinted at the testy exchange she had with Meyers back in 2019 over her harsh criticism towards Rep. Ilhan Omar, D-Minn. Meyers brought up McCain's commentary on ABC's "This Week" following the deadly synagogue shooting at the Poway, Calif., where she invoked Omar's tweets, and asserted that both Democrats and Republicans have to tackle anti-Semitism within their own parties. "I do think it's fairly dangerous and you brought it up after Congresswoman Omar had some death threats against her," Meyers said. "Do you think, you know, she has obviously now stated that she needs to be more careful with her language, don't you think other people who talk about her need to be more thoughtful as well? Or do you stand by those comments of tying her to this, her rhetoric to this synagogue shooting?" "I don't think I tied her to it in particular," McCain responded. "I'm calling out what I see as anti-Semitic language and when you're talking about -- " "But even after, you called her out even after she apologized for it," Meyers interrupted. "I do want to establish the timeline." "I think that Democrats are hedging on this and I think it's very dangerous," McCain continued. "And I think [Senate Minority Leader] Chuck Schumer and I are in alignment about Israel's stance in geopolitical politics. I think it is of the utmost importance and I think she is bringing her party to extremism on this. And I think we have to look to Europe and what's happening over there and in British politics. Anti-Semitism is very common and I see it happening over there and I worry about it happening over here. I stand by everything that I've said and if that makes me unpopular in this room or in front of you, so be it." Meyers said he found McCain's argument "weird" about whether she was being "popular" in the room since he was trying to "find common ground." "Were you bothered by her language on 9/11?" McCain asked. "I thought it was taken out of context," Meyers answered, "and I think if you watched that whole speech -- " "Would you give President Trump the same leverage if he had said the same thing?" McCain challenged the NBC host. "I just think you have to give people the same credence." Meyers responded by saying was "in no position" to criticize Omar's language on 9/11 based on his own language about 9/11. He also argued that Omar has apologized and promised to be more educated "by people who know about this" while the president hasn't. "It's an interesting thing when we have two Muslim women for the first time, they do have a different perspective on things," Meyers continued. "And I think when we talk about the idea of 'Let's all try to meet in the middle on things,' we have to listen to other people's perspective." "I agree, I work on 'The View' with Joy Behar every day," McCain shot back. "I listen to other people's perspectives all the time." When asked if there's a way to talk about Israel without being considered anti-Semitic, McCain responded by saying don't talk about "Jews hypnotizing the world" and "all about the Benjamins." "You do keep bringing up the two tweets she apologized for," Meyers told McCain, "and I think it's a little unfair to her, especially because -- " "Are you her publicist?" McCain reacted. "Are you her press person?" "No," Meyers answered. "I'm just someone who cares about the fact that there's someone out there who is in a minority, who has had death threats against her, and I think we should all use the same language that you're asking her to be careful about her language. And I would ask that everyone to be careful about theirs."
https://www.foxnews.com/travel/cleveland-zoo-drive-thru-coronavirus-ticket-sales|3 days ago|Cleveland zoo halts ticket sales for coronavirus drive-thru event, citing demand|. Hours after Metroparks Zoo a limited-time drive-thru event, the zoo said reservations for “Cruise the Zoo” had to be put on temporary hold “due to demand and online ticketing issues.” The zoo posted on social media Tuesday that it received record visits to its website and ticketing platform which caused “continued issues for guests” trying to buy tickets. The zoo apologized if you were not able to purchase tickets today. “The event is not sold out and tickets for additional Cruise the Zoo dates will be available soon once all issues are resolved.” All tickets already sold will remain valid, the zoo said. Tuesday morning, the zoo said the event would run from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m., Wednesday through Sunday from May 20 to May 31. The routes include Asian Highlands, African Elephant Crossing and Rosebrough Tiger Passage. Admission is $20 per car for zoo members and $40 per car for non-members.
https://www.foxnews.com/media/kevin-hassett-economy-coming-back-from-coronavirus|3 days ago|Trump economic adviser says US economy coming back 'faster than I expected' from coronavirus effects|White House economic adviser Kevin Hassett told " " Tuesday the U.S. economy could bounce back from the quicker than previously anticipated. "One of the things that I'm seeing in the real time data, Neil, is that things are going back faster than I expected," Hassett told host Neil Cavuto. "As an example, we have a measure of how many businesses in the U.S. are open. It was 50 percent on April 11. It's just a count of businesses, so it's not the same as GDP, but it [was] 50 percent on April 11. It was 62 percent the day before yesterday and 67 percent today. "So we're very, very rapidly opening up. And so I think what it means is that the stimulus that we passed really did build the bridge to the other side ... so that people can hit the ground running when they get there." Hassett also predicted that other parts of the economy would perform strongly during the 3rd and 4th quarters. "For GDP growth, what's going to happen is that we're looking at about a 40 percent decline in the second quarter and then a pretty strong third and fourth quarter," Hassett said. "And so I think at the end of the year, you might be a little bit below where we were in January [of this year]. But ... I think the CBO [Congressional Budget Office] is calling for a really quick comeback." Hassett added that he expected that the May jobs report would show an unemployment number "in the 20 percent range right now." "But then again, after that, Americans are getting back to work." President Trump on Monday announced nearly $2 billion in federal aid to public transit systems in Washington, D.C., San Francisco, Portland and Seattle. The president also announced an executive order aiming to make permanent the removal of many regulations that were scrapped due to the pandemic. Hassett also told Cavuto that Trump's proposal that a payroll tax cut be part of the next coronavirus relief bill is still a possibility. "I think if we go to that next phase of negotiations, the president has a way of getting what he wants on these things," he said. "And, of course, you know, he's got to make a deal. He wrote 'The Art of the Deal,' but he believes strongly, as I do economically, that the payroll tax on the employee side is a really big positive stimulus."
https://www.foxnews.com/media/judge-jeanine-pirro-trump-who-funding-coronavirus|3 days ago|Judge Jeanine praises Trump threat to end WHO funding: 'It’s time that the WHO cleaned up its act'|Fox News host Judge Jeanine Pirro applauded President Trump's threat to permanently withhold funding from the (WHO) over its mishandling of the Tuesday, calling it a "brilliant move." "I think it’s time that the WHO cleaned up its act," the host of " " told " " ”I think 316,000 dead people around the world is reason enough, or at least 316,000 reasons to pull American money out of an organization that could have helped us and could have prevented many of these deaths." Late Monday, Trump released a to the head of the World Health Organization, stating that his administration had conducted an investigation that confirmed the global health agency’s multiple failures in the early stages of theoutbreak. In the letter, the president warned that the current funding freeze will become permanent if the organization does not make “substantive” improvements within 30 days. "Let’s make no mistake," Pirro said. "This organization said there was no human-to-human transmission. This organization was being lauded, or lauded China, for instances where they had travel restrictions within their own country. "That’s crazy," she went on. "We have to leverage this like we leveraged NATO. You are not going to take our money [and] put not only the United States [but] the world at risk." In a statement, the WHO said it was "considering the contents" of Trump's letter. "It's time," Pirro said, "that if there is money, there is truth and transparency behind it."
https://video.foxnews.com/v/6157834915001/|__clean_error__|__clean_error__|
https://www.foxnews.com/media/cbs-evening-news-fails-to-air-technical-difficulties-east-coast|3 days ago|'CBS Evening News' fails to air on East Coast due to 'technical difficulties'|CBS's long-running evening news show had issues on the East Coast Tuesday that prevented the broadcast from airing altogether. "CBS Evening News with Norah O'Donnell" was set to run at its usual 6:30 p.m. ET timeslot, but viewers noticed something was awry when several minutes of promos for various CBS television shows aired instead of the actual news program. The show's official Twitter account made viewers aware that the network was addressing "technical difficulties." "@CBSNews is currently experiencing technical difficulties. We will bring you the CBS Evening News as soon as possible. We apologize for the issue," the program tweeted roughly 13 minutes after the scheduled start time on the East Coast. CBS broadcasted CBSN, the network's 24/7 digital streaming network, for the rest of the timeslot. A spokesperson for CBS News told Fox News that "the issue is being resolved, and the Mountain and West Coast versions of the CBS Evening News will air during the regular time slots at 5:30 PM/6:30 PM, MT/PT," respectively, and that "tonight's broadcast of the CBS Evening News will also air on CBSN and will be available on CBSNews.com." According to anchor Norah O'Donnell's Twitter feed, her exclusive interview with Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg was set to air Tuesday evening. The program's absence from the airwaves raised eyebrows on social media. "As someone who has watched nearly all the broadcast evening newscasts for years now, I can attest that ever since @CBSEveningNews was moved to D.C. there have been a ridiculous amount of 'technical difficulties,' more than any other broadcast. This is the peak," Media Research Center news analyst Nicholas Fondacaro observed. O'Donnell later addressed the controversy on Instagram. "Thanks everybody for checking in. We're fine, but there was a major technical issue tonight that prevented the broadcast from being seen on the East Coast," the CBS anchor said. "It's a broadcast in the era of COVID. We have a very small team here in our D.C. bureau. Thank you to them for all their hard work every day and especially today."
https://www.foxnews.com/us/chicago-grubhub-driver-charged-after-woman-run-over-on-video|3 days ago|Chicago Grubhub driver charged after woman run over on video|A delivery driver is accused of running over a employee and dragging her several feet during a confrontation that began over social distancing requirements last week, according to media reports. Aamir Mohammed, 30, faces -- including aggravated battery, failing to report an accident involving injury, and misdemeanors counts of leaving the scene of an accident and driving without a license -- stemming from the Friday incident outside Ms. T’s Southern Fried Chicken on the city's north side. Mohammed went to the restaurant around 6 p.m. to pick up a delivery when he was told to wait outside because of social distancing requirements. He allegedly kicked and slammed the front door instead and went to his car to try and leave. Restaurant staff followed him and told him the police were being called. Mohammed allegedly threatened to run over a 24-year-old female employee, prosecutors said, and drove forward. He allegedly dragged her 20 to 30 feet while her body was on top of the hood and her legs were underneath, the Chicago Sun-Times reported. “As the victim and witness 1 stood next to the defendant’s car, the defendant drove forward, striking the victim with his car,” Assistant State’s Attorney James Murphy said Tuesday. “After striking the victim, the defendant dragged the victim with her body on the hood of the car and her legs underneath.” A witness recorded part of the confrontation and uploaded it online, according to the newspaper. The woman was hospitalized with two broken shoulders, a broken arm and pelvis, lacerations and bruises across her body, Murphy said. She remains in an intensive care unit as of Tuesday. Mohammed turned himself over to police and is being held on $5,000 bond. The vehicle he was driving is registered to a third party that loans vehicles to GrubHub drivers for half of their profits, according to the . The driver whose account he was using has been banned by the platform, the company said.
https://video.foxnews.com/v/6157832713001/|__clean_error__|__clean_error__|
https://www.foxnews.com/us/new-york-city-controversial-underground-parties-popping-up-coronavirus-outbreak|3 days ago|NYC sees controversial underground parties popping up during coronavirus outbreak|As the pandemic raged through , its underbelly didn’t turn off the lights. Regardless of orders shuttering all nonessential businesses to help slow the spread of the coronavirus, speakeasies are reportedly popping up all over the region. Reports allege that patrons of weren't practicing social distancing or wearing face masks while the virus was spreading rapidly and starting to max out the health care system. The cool kids allegedly do shots cheering the virus. “What’s wrong with hanging out amongst ourselves? I don’t know any old people!” one guest reportedly . "We’re young. We’re not the target," another purportedly . COVID-19 has killed at least 16,000 New York City residents, plus another 4,800 whose deaths weren’t immediately confirmed by a lab test. The coronavirus has cut an unequal path of grief through New York City, hitting hardest in a ring of predominantly poorer, nonwhite neighborhoods along subway and bus routes from Manhattan, according to data released by the city Monday. The of fatalities by neighborhood revealed that the ZIP code with more deaths per capita than any other place in New York is the one that contains Starrett City, a huge complex of apartment towers in Brooklyn that is the largest federally subsidized housing development in the country. Of the area’s roughly 12,400 residents, 76 have been killed by the virus. Nearly 63 percent of the people living in the ZIP code are black. It is also the ZIP code with the largest percentage of older people in the city, likely a contributing factor to the high fatality rate. The data released Monday reinforced earlier revelations that black and Hispanic New Yorkers were both more than twice as likely to be killed by the virus as white people. It also showed a direct link between death and poverty. Neighborhoods with very high poverty levels suffered an average of 232 deaths per 100,000 residents while areas with low poverty rates experienced 100 deaths per 100,000 residents. A tale of two cities: influenza or influencer. An unnamed “famous Upper East Side bar and lounge” and a “trendy downtown hotel” allegedly reopened to host parties this week, the New York Post . Earlier this week, the New York Post that a Lower East Side nightclub allegedly hosted a party this month in the tradition of Prohibition-era gatherings, with cocktails flowing and patrons reciting passwords at the door to be allowed entry. Snitches are emerging as enthusiastic allies as officials work to enforce directives meant to limit person-to-person contact amid the virus pandemic that has claimed so many lives worldwide. They’re phoning police and municipal hotlines, complaining to elected officials and shaming perceived scofflaws on social media. Police arrested the 56-year-old owner of an illegal Brooklyn speakeasy where a dozen people were found drinking and gambling after someone called 311 with a tip. , the first bar owner to be arrested over the , faces charges of illegal sale of alcohol, promoting gambling, reckless endangerment and criminal nuisance, police said. got in trouble for a packed party during the quarantine. “In the middle of a pandemic, @IanFrostok thought it would be a good idea to post 51 Instagram stories (yes, 51) of a house party he went to last night and early this morning in NYC,” Yashar Ali, along with a clip. DJ Alec Brian, who played at the party, took to social media to say sorry and defend his actions. “As many of us are now unemployed, I had an opportunity to avail myself of some needed money to pay my bills,” he . “If I have insulted anyone or made anyone feel uncomfortable by this event, I sincerely apologize as that was certainly not my intent.”
https://www.foxnews.com/world/trump-attacks-who-letter-member-states-remain-loyal-coronavirus-response|3 days ago|As Trump attacks WHO in a letter, member states remain loyal amid coronavirus pandemic|’s letter of warning to the (WHO) was met with dismissal from member states during the WHO Tuesday, as nations remained loyal to the organization rather than back the U.S. In a to Director-General Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus earlier this week, Trump outlined how he believes the WHO failed in its response to the coronavirus and noted an “alarming lack of independence from the People’s Republic of China.” Trump also called for “substantive improvements within the next 30 days” or the United States will expand the temporary freeze it placed on its WHO funding and “reconsider our membership in the organization.” Trump did not expand on the exact improvements he wanted to see in order to forego the financial freeze. European Union (EU) diplomats pushed back against Trump’s statements and advised support for the WHO during this time. “This is the time for solidarity,” said the European Commission’s spokeswoman, . “It is not the time for finger-pointing or undermining multilateral cooperation. And French President said: "Only if we join forces will we beat this COVID-19 pandemic. We need a strong WHO and WHO is us: Member States." The WHO’s assembly passed a resolution Tuesday -- put forward by Keva Bain, the assembly’s president and ambassador to the Bahamas -- which called for an independent review of the international response to the coronavirus pandemic, "including, but not limited to, WHO's performance." “I thank Member States for adopting the resolution, which calls for an independent and comprehensive evaluation of the international response,” Tedros in his closing remarks Tuesday. Chinese President Xi Jinping supported the independent review and said: “China will provide US$ 2 billion over 2 years to help with COVID-19 response, and with economic and social development in affected countries, especially developing countries.” Prior to the financial freeze Trump placed on the WHO, the US was the largest to the international organization. In response to Trump’s attacks on China, Zhao Lijian, China’s foreign ministry spokesman, that Trump should “stop pinning the blame on others and enhance international cooperation to defeat the virus together.” “The U.S. arbitrary suspension of funds and contributions to an international organization is a unilateral act that violates its international obligation,” Zhao said Tuesday. Trump has not said whether or not the U.S. supports the independent review passed by the World Health Assembly, according to , but told reporters Tuesday: “They have to clean up their act. They have to do a better job. They have to be much more fair to other countries, including the United States, or we’re not going to be involved with them anymore."
https://www.foxnews.com/us/ny-coronavirus-restrictions-gatherings-memorial-day-weekend|3 days ago|NY eases coronavirus restrictions to allow gatherings of 10 or fewer on Memorial Day weekend|New York says the state will allow gatherings of 10 or fewer to accommodate for the Memorial Day holiday weekend, citing the "important tradition" of honoring military heroes who have served in the armed forces. The exception was announced at Tuesday's coronavirus briefing, signaling a temporary ease on guidelines banning nonessential gatherings since the beginning of March when the pandemic swept over the state. The Democratic governor added that enforcing those rules will be at the discretion of local governments and encouraged vehicle parades to commemorate the event as well as broadcasting it for local residents. “This is important to many, many families all across this state,” the governor said. “It’s important to the veterans that they be recognized, and I think we can do that, and I think we can do it safely.” officials have started gradually relaxing lockdown rules as COVID-19-related hospitalizations and deaths continue to decline. New hospitalizations dipped to 335 a day, and Cuomo announced 105 new deaths recorded on Monday. Cuomo said that Albany and the surrounding Capital Region are on track to begin relaxing some business restrictions by Wednesday, which would make it the seventh region to start opening in upstate New York since last week. Still, other harder hit areas, such as New York City, as well as Long Island and the mid-Hudson Valley, continue to see tight restrictions as the government says they do not meet the criteria for reopening.
https://www.foxnews.com/us/cuomo-feels-heat-as-new-yorks-nursing-home-covid-19-death-data-remains-incomplete|3 days ago|Cuomo feels heat as New York's nursing home COVID-19 death data remains incomplete|. With thousands of coronavirus deaths in New York nursing homes, New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo is feeling the heat – even as an accounting of those fatalities remains woefully incomplete. Cuomo, widely praised for his efforts to contain the coronavirus, has been roundly criticized more recently over a policy that critics say exacerbated the spread of the virus in New York's 613 state-regulated nursing homes. The policy required nursing homes to accept recovered COVID-19 hospital patients. The aim was to ease the burden on hospitals treating coronavirus patients. On May 10, New York reversed the policy amid criticism and the mounting death toll. The state has reported nearly 23,000 COVID-19 deaths. As of Sunday, New York’s stood at 5,601, an increase of 203 in six days. The COVID-19 tally was reported as 2,955 confirmed deaths and 2,646 presumed deaths. But the figure for nursing home deaths doesn’t include nursing home residents who die in hospitals. “I am concerned that not reporting deaths of residents who have gone to the hospital hides the extent to which COVID-19 is spreading in facilities,” Richard Mollot, of the Long Term Care Community Coalition, an advocacy group for nursing home residents, told Fox News. “I am equally concerned about the numbers of residents who are suffering and dying due to abject neglect and deteriorating conditions resulting from facilities being understaffed, but continuing to accept or retain residents for whom they cannot provide safety and care,” he said. Even as news outlets reported the total confirmed and presumed COVID-19 deaths in New York nursing homes, Cuomo spokesman Peter Ajemian criticized the way the number was tallied. "The death number is not right – that combines probable and confirmed – no other state reports that – please only use confirmed," he said to Fox News. The reported Friday that New York had tallied deaths of nursing home residents in nursing homes and in hospitals, citing an April 28 New York Department of Health document found on a web archive. The website reported being told by a N.Y.D.H. spokeswoman that the state was opting not to disclose out-of-facility deaths “in order to maintain consistency and reliability in the data as presented, and to avoid any potential for double-counting.” The department did not respond to a request for comment from Fox News. Cuomo's response to the coronavirus at the start of the pandemic also was faulted in a new report. On Saturday, published a lengthy story that explored the strained relationship between Cuomo and New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio, and contrasting New York's response to the pandemic to California's, which has far fewer COVID-19 deaths. As of May 15, there were nearly 350,000 COVID-19 cases in New York and more than 27,500 confirmed and presumed deaths, nearly a third of the nation’s total, ProPublica reported. California has just under 75,000 cases and slightly more than 3,000 deaths. A Cuomo official told the news outlet in response that from the discovery of the first positive COVID-19 case in New York on March 1 to the shutdown on March 22, New York had acted faster than any other state. “Three weeks, 20 million people,” the official said. “Insane.” Criticism also was leveled at Cuomo after his aides inserted into New York's 2021 budget a provision giving nursing homes immunity from coronavirus lawsuits. On Monday, New York City Assemblyman Ron Kim introduced legislation to repeal the provision. Kim represents a Queens district with a number of nursing homes. “Behind closed doors and in secrecy, nursing home executives managed to push Gov. Andrew Cuomo into adding a provision in this year’s budget that insulates them from criminal or civil liability during the COVID-19 pandemic,” Kim said, according to . “The executives running the nursing homes knew back in mid-March that their facilities could not keep their residents safe; they sought to protect their businesses and themselves from their expected negligence.” On Monday at his daily coronavirus news briefing, Cuomo appeared to walk back remarks he made the previous day saying older people are going to die from the virus, "despite whatever you do," according to . That angered a lot of people, the station reported. "Protecting our nursing homes and our seniors has been a top priority,” Cuomo said Monday. “Last week, I put a requirement in place that staff at nursing homes be tested twice a week ... all staff." The governor added, "You will always have people who say we should do more. That always happens, and by the way, now they're complaining we're doing more and they want it both ways. You can't have it both ways." Initially, when it came to providing an accounting of nursing home fatalities, the Cuomo administration refused, citing health privacy laws. Then in mid-April in response to media demands for the information, the N.Y.H.D. released a list of 72 nursing homes and assisted living centers where 1,135 residents had died. “Some homes included presumed COVID-19 deaths as well as confirmed COVID-19 deaths,” the health department said. But the list only identified facilities with more than five deaths and only accounted for fatalities that occurred in a facility. Nursing homes with fewer than five deaths weren’t identified out of privacy concerns, Jim Malatras, a member of Cuomo's coronavirus task force, said at the time. Families of nursing home residents also found inaccuracies in some of the data. Several nursing homes that self-reported more than 20 deaths weren’t on the list. In early May, New York released a revised set of data showing 4,813 people died in state nursing homes from COVID-19, a jump of 1,700 in one day. The new data included confirmed and presumed deaths from each nursing home. It also listed nursing homes with fewer than five deaths. The total didn’t include nursing home residents who died in hospitals. Daily updates still don't tally those deaths. As of May 17, Ferncliff Nursing Home in Rhinebeck has reported 13 confirmed and presumed COVID-19 deaths. But the count is missing Dolores McGoldrick, 89, who lived at Ferncliff and died in April at a hospital after contracting COVID-19, the reported May 2. Her daughter Kathleen Cole, a nurse, told the paper her mother was infected shortly after a fellow nursing home resident was re-admitted to Ferncliff from a hospital in late March. Cole said the nursing home staff told her the other resident didn't have COVID-19 when re-admitted but didn't provide many other details about the case, the paper reported. She now blames her mother’s death on the entire nursing home system – from Ferncliff's inability to contain the virus to state officials' refusal to release many details about infections and deaths at the facility and other nursing homes, according to the paper. "The whole thing has just been handled awfully ... by everybody in regard to nursing homes," she said. "It's like a slaughterhouse at these places." Ferncliff spokesman Jon Goldberg declined to discuss a specific resident's case, citing health privacy laws, according to the paper. Many New York nursing homes have refused media requests for information on coronavirus cases and deaths in their facility or declined to respond. An exception has been the Long Island State Veterans Home in Stony Brook, which reports the information in letters addressed to LISVH family members. On Friday, the facility posted its most recent letter saying 74 residents had died of COVID-19, one of the highest totals in the state. But the state's latest list shows LISVH having 51 confirmed and six presumed COVID-19 deaths. “Our veterans are our heroes,” LISVH executive director Fred Spanga wrote in the letter. “Each of them understood the value of freedom and answered the call.”
https://www.foxnews.com/media/msnbc-stephanie-ruhle-andrew-cuomo-nursing-home-controversy|3 days ago|MSNBC's Stephanie Ruhle slammed for 'softball interview' with Cuomo amid nursing home controversy|MSNBC anchor Stephanie Ruhle is the latest journalist to be accused of going easy on Gov. Andrew Cuomo, D-N.Y., amid the growing nursing home controversy in his state. Cuomo recently reversed a March 25 order that forced nursing homes to accept patients who tested positive for coronavirus in spite of testing deficiencies for both residents and staff. Cuomo signed an executive order on May 11 stopping hospitals from sending infected patients back to nursing homes and ramping up testing for staff. More than 4,800 people died from COVID-19 in nursing homes in New York from March 1 to May 1, according to a count by the governor’s office. Roughly 25 percent of all deaths in the state have occurred in nursing homes. On Tuesday morning, Ruhle briefly addressed the controversy during a phone interview with the governor. “While I have you, you have been criticized for your comments about nursing homes. Some people say you did not act quickly enough, too little, too late. What is your response to that criticism?” the MSNBC anchor asked. "I’m getting criticized now for doing too much," Cuomo responded. "I have the strongest national provisions in place where staff of nursing homes must be tested twice per week. And the nursing homes are upset that this is too burdensome for them to do it. I understand that it’s burdensome, I understand it’s the most aggressive in the nation but I also understand that this is the most vulnerable population in the most vulnerable place. We will have lost many Americans in this, Stephanie, but the only solace we’re going to be able to take is we can say we did everything we could. And we didn’t lose anyone for want of medical care, precautions, et cetera." He continued. "So, yes, they’re unhappy that I’m saying two tests a week for staff. But I want to make sure every one of us can say we did everything that we could." NewsBusters contributing editor Kyle Drennen the "nine-minute softball interview" and how Ruhle only had "a single nine-second question" about the controversy without mentioning the death toll. "The anchor allowed Cuomo to make all those claims without challenge or a follow-up," Drennen added. The exchange was also slammed on social media. "Cuomo actually got away with this answer. Then again, it was MSNBC," RealClearPolitics co-founder Tom Bevan reacted. "Pure gaslighting, and journalistic malpractice by @SRuhle to not even ask a followup," media critic Steve Krakauer scolded the MSNBC anchor. "Softball question, ridiculous answer," Daily Caller investigative editor Peter J. Hasson tweeted. While many are blaming Cuomo’s policies for the high death toll, one place you won’t hear any questions about it is on CNN, where experts point out the governor is instead lobbed softball questions during playful interviews with his younger brother, CNN anchor Chris Cuomo. The elder Cuomo has been interviewed on CNN at least 19 times since March 8, with his younger brother conducting nine of them. "CNN's coverage of Andrew Cuomo has been consistent with much of the media, focus on the glowing verbiage and ignore the catastrophic mishandling of nursing homes that led to thousands of deaths,” Cornell Law School professor and media critic William A. Jacobson told Fox News. “This problem is compounded by a serious conflict of interest arising from the relationship between Chris Cuomo, one of CNN's highest-profile news personalities, and his brother, the governor,” Jacobson added. “Chris Cuomo should not be allowed to cover or comment on air about his brother, and CNN should appoint someone to monitor and review coverage of Andrew Cuomo to prevent this conflict of interest from bleeding over to other news coverage.”
https://www.foxnews.com/politics/coronavirus-travel-restrictions-us-canada-mexico-being-extended-dhs|3 days ago|Coronavirus travel restrictions between US, Canada and Mexico are being extended: DHS|The Department of Homeland Security (DHS) on Tuesday announced that cross-border travel restrictions from and into the U.S. are being extended until June 22. The travel ban was first enacted in March and later extended in April until May 21. “Non-essential travel will not be permitted until this administration is convinced that doing so is safe and secure,” Acting DHS Secretary Chad Wolf said in a statement. “We have been in contact with our Canadian and Mexican counterparts and they also agree that extending these restrictions is prudent at this time.” The first order, which was implemented on March 20, defined “essential travel” as U.S. citizens and lawful permanent residents returning to the U.S., individuals traveling for medical purposes, individuals traveling to work in the U.S., individuals traveling for emergency response and public health purposes, individuals engaged in diplomatic or official government travel, individuals engaged in lawful cross-border trade and individuals traveling for military-related purposes. Meanwhile, the European Union (EU) external borders are shut until June 15. President Trump had banned travel from Europe and Iran, in addition to his January ban on travel from China. The original European travel ban was expected to last 30 days but the language of the ban allowed it to remain in effect until the president says otherwise. In late April, the president temporarily banned all immigration to the U.S. He said that immigration would be suspended to the U.S. for at least 60 days to ensure Americans laid off during the coronavirus pandemic are “first in line” for new jobs.
https://www.foxnews.com/us/michigan-sheriff-compares-whitmers-stay-at-home-order-to-mass-arrests|3 days ago|Michigan sheriff compares Whitmer's coronavirus stay-at-home order to mass arrests|A sheriff opposed to 's coronavirus restrictions told a crowd of anti-lockdown protesters Monday that the mandate was akin to placing all residents under arrest. “What’s the definition of an arrest?" Barry County Sheriff told the gathering in Grand Rapids. "It’s basically taking away your free will, your right to move about." “And an unlawful arrest is when you do it unlawfully, so when you are ordered to your home, are you under arrest? Yeah, by definition you are," he added. Speaking to a crowd of about 350 people at the "Michigan Patriots Rally -- Sheriffs Speak" in Rosa Parks Circle, Leaf was one of a half dozen speakers and the only sheriff, according to MLive.com. During his speech, he invoked the site's name when he compared the civil rights icon to a barber who , calling him a "little version of Rosa Parks." Whitmer has come under intense criticism over her stay-at-home order to combat the coronavirus outbreak. Critics argue the mandate is an example of government overreach at a time when the outbreak has ravaged the economy and many are facing financial uncertainty. In one protest last month, demonstrators in Lansing to call for an end to the restrictions and business closures. Whitmer loosened some restrictions in Michigan's northern region and Upper Peninsula in an effort to reopen the state. Beginning Friday, bars, restaurants, retail shops and offices will also be allowed to reopen, the reported. Leaf said the governor had “took some wind out of my sails” but that it should have happened sooner given the small number of COVID-19 cases in those regions. Several sheriffs throughout the state have said they will , and will instead choose to educate suspected violators.
https://www.foxnews.com/science/smoking-increases-sars-cov-2-receptors-lungs-researchers-find|3 days ago|Smoking increases SARS-CoV-2 receptors in the lungs, researchers find|Cigarette smoke spurs the lungs to produce more of the protein that the harnesses to enter human cells, according to new . Scientists at Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory (CSHL) in New York found that smoke from cigarettes prompts lungs to produce more ACE2, or angiotensin-converting enzyme 2. Researchers and clinicians have observed major differences in how people respond to infection. Most suffer only mild illness, if any, while others require emergency-room care. Men, the elderly and smokers have been seen as more likely to develop severe illness, according to researchers. "We started gathering all the data we could find," CSHL Fellow Jason Sheltzer said in a , explaining that he and other researchers focused first on comparing gene activity in the lungs across different ages, between the sexes, and between smokers and nonsmokers. "When we put it all together and started analyzing it, we saw that both mice that had been exposed to smoke in a laboratory and humans who were current smokers had significant upregulation of ACE2," he added. Their findings, reported Saturday in the journal , could explain why smokers appear to be particularly vulnerable to severe infections. The analysis also indicated that the change is reversible, suggesting that quitting smoking might reduce the risk of severe coronavirus infection. As of Tuesday evening, the coronavirus had killed at least 91,661 and infected more than 1.5 million people in the U.S.
https://www.foxnews.com/us/las-vegas-crossfit-gym-workout-protest-to-fight-for-reopen-small-businesses-coronavirus|3 days ago|Las Vegas Crossfit gym holds workout protest to fight for reopening of small businesses benched by coronavirus|. The owners of CrossFit Apollo in who said , are not backing down. They held a workout protest Monday outside of the gym. "These are just regular people trying to stay healthy and do that through exercise and it’s a peaceful non-confrontational type protest," said co-owner Monica Cole. Monica and her son Chad own CrossFit Apollo in the northwest part of the valley. Like most small businesses, they said they're struggling. Chad said they’ve lost at least $60,000 and are in debt to their landlord. "We need people to realize that this is a reality that’s crushing families, crushing our family, and it’s tough," said Chad. Nevada in under phase one of reopening, which doesn't allow gyms to reopen, but Monica and Chad plan to anyway. "We believe we can both be cautious and prosperous. By opening our doors we can keep people safe and we can also keep our gym alive," said Chad.
https://www.foxnews.com/travel/delta-adding-flights-social-distancing-lowered-demand-coronavirus|3 days ago|Delta to add additional flights to maintain social distancing, despite lowered demand|is making moves to ensure that planes don’t get too crowded. The company recently announced that it would be adding more flights so that it can continue to keep planes at about 60 percent capacity. The move is reportedly part of Delta’s plan to maintain amid the coronavirus outbreak and help customers feel safe while they fly. Delta will continue to keep planes at no more than 60 percent full through July, reported. In order to achieve this, the airline will add more flights to its routes than the current demand would normally justify. Delta had previously announced that it would be limiting the capacity on its flights in order to promote social distancing. The company has said that it is limiting first-class seating to 50 percent, while the main cabin will be capped at 60 percent. In a statement obtained by Reuters, a spokesperson for Delta said: “We announced a policy on seating capacity through June 30. Nothing has been decided beyond that but we are continuing to monitor the situation and make adjustments as necessary.” This isn’t the only change that the airline is making to help ease customers back into flying after the pandemic passes. Delta, along with American Airlines and United Airlines, with face masks if they do not have their own. While the airline will encourage passengers to wear face masks during the flight, reports suggest that crew members will not enforce the policy or force passengers to wear masks if they chose not to.
https://www.foxnews.com/lifestyle/hong-kongs-gyms-future-socially-distanced-workouts|3 days ago|Hong Kong's reopened gyms may show future of socially distanced workouts|Ultraviolet (UV) light devices, barriers between treadmills, and lots and lots of hand sanitizer are some of the new post-coronavirus additions found at as they reopen following shutdowns. As fitness centers and their clientele around the world look toward reopening once coronavirus shutdown restrictions roll back, Hong Kong is offering an early example of how to do it social distancing style. In the U.S. and overseas, gyms closed after authorities issued shutdown orders aimed at slowing the spread at COVID-19. Now, officials and small business owners are looking at how they might reopen. A video posted to Bloomberg’s QuickTake Twitter account shows some of the new safety measures in the city by the South China Sea. There are transparent dividers set up between treadmills. There are new devices that sanitize cellphones with UV light. Visitors can no longer drink from water fountains -- and they’re being asked to wipe down their equipment after use and maintain social distancing from other gym-goers. Additional photos, shared by Bloomberg journalist Virginia Lau, show a gym member having her temperature checked at a welcome desk, hand sanitizer stations and shuttered saunas. But there are also a few domestic examples of how gyms can approach reopening, as well. One gym owner , in defiance of the state’s shutdown. That prompted a police citation, although he said he implemented social distancing precautions and operated at just 20 percent of the building’s normal occupancy. In , Gov. Brian Kemp has authorized gyms and fitness centers to resume “ ” under certain restrictions. Those include enhanced sanitation measures, providing personal protective equipment to employees, prohibiting unnecessary person-to-person contact and enforcing social distancing, among other measures. At Crunch Fitness in Athens, visitors must have their temperatures taken upon entry, remain at least 6 feet apart from one another and wipe down their equipment, earlier this week. “We took advantage of the time we had to enhance the facility so that when people are coming back in, they’re not just coming back into Crunch, they’re coming back to the cleanest, newest possible Crunch we can give them,” assistant general manager Andiasean Johnson told the outlet.
https://www.foxnews.com/politics/west-virginia-governor-reopening-indoor-dining-large-retail-stores-and-outdoor-recreation-businesses|3 days ago|West Virginia governor reopening indoor dining, large retail stores and outdoor recreation businesses|Gov. Jim Justice signed an executive order allowing his state to enter the “Week 4” phase of coronavirus reopening on Thursday, which will include reopening indoor dining at restaurants, malls and outdoor recreation. Large retail stores, tanning businesses, outdoor recreation rentals and campgrounds will also be reopened. The new order also rescinds the requirement for out-of-state travelers visiting West Virginia to self-quarantine for 14 days upon their arrival. The governor also outlined the plans for Week 5 reopening, expected to begin after Memorial Day, which will allow bars to open at 50 percent and museums, visitor centers, zoos, spas and massage businesses to open their doors. At the same time, the Republican governor announced the results of his initiative to test every nursing home patient in the state, the first such policy in the U.S. In total, 22,598 people at 123 nursing homes were tested, including 8,911 residents and 13,687 staff members. This resulted in the identification of COVID-19 in 28 new facilities. Thirty-one new staff and 11 new residents were identified as COVID-19 positive. Justice also announced that the first coronavirus case had been identified in the state’s corrections system. “What we’ll do is, immediately, we’ll test all of the inmates and staff in the block that we found this positive and we’re going to move forward and test all the staff in the entire facility,” Justice said. “As we test the inmates in that block today, if we find we have additional positives, we’ll expand that testing to all of the inmates in the entire facility. West Virginia has faced 1,490 coronavirus cases and 67 deaths. On Monday, the state saw 10 new cases.
https://www.foxnews.com/food-drink/caribou-coffee-employee-seen-on-tiktok-video-removing-cup-sleeves-over-coronavirus-mixed-message|3 days ago|Caribou Coffee employee seen in TikTok video removing cup sleeves over coronavirus mixed-message|A -based chain known for its catchy slogans is trying to fix an ill-timed marketing ploy that contradicts recommended behavior during the pandemic. An employee posted a video to showing what appeared to be a box of coffee sleeves with phrases like: "The scenic route is the only route" and "May cause irrepressible happiness." "I have to take out every fourth one, because they printed them with the words: '"Fight the urge to remain indoors,'" he said. The offending sleeves are then placed in a separate crate. In a statement to Fox News, the chain said employees were asked to "sort out materials that were produced before the pandemic and aren't exactly on point with the heroic efforts that are being made to contain the Coronavirus." The company said it has implemented social distancing measures and other protocols to limit the spread of the contagion. Other brands have found themselves walking a tightrope during the COVID-19 crisis. KFC suspended its campaign in the United Kingdom after people were seen in commercials licking their fingers while eating fried chicken, reported in March. Hershey pulled two televisions spots from its “heartwarming the world” campaign that showed people handing out chocolate bars with hugs and handshakes.
https://www.foxnews.com/politics/illinois-governors-family-firm-owns-stake-in-companies-conducting-coronavirus-testing|3 days ago|Illinois governor's family firm owns stake in companies involved in coronavirus testing|Republicans in Illinois are crying foul that Gov. could be financially benefiting from the following reports that his family’s investment firm has a stake in two companies doing tests for the contagion. Illinois GOP Chairman Tim Schneider said in a statement to Fox News that the Pritzker Group – the family firm run by the governor’s brothers – “controls the companies that are making millions off the pandemic” and called on the Illinois Democrat to divest any interest he had with the firm. "Let's be clear - Governor Pritzker and his family are clearly profiting off the COVID-19 crisis, and it's appalling,” Schneider said. “The Pritzker Group controls the companies that are making millions off the pandemic, and the Governor stands to make huge profits.” The two companies in question are PathGroup, an anatomic, clinical and molecular pathology company that Pritzker’s private capital firm invested in, and Cue Health, a health care technology company that received funding from Pritzker’s venture capital firm. Both companies have recently announced either the development of tests or plans to develop tests to detect COVID-19. This comes as Pritzker's administration pushes to expand testing as part of the state's phased reopening plan. While neither company has received a contract to conduct testing from the state of Illinois, Cue Health in late March was awarded a $13 million contract by the federal government to develop a test for the novel coronavirus. Pritzker’s office did not return Fox News’ request for comment, but the governor in the past has argued that he put all his financial assets in a blind trust when he took office. Pritzker comes from a prominent business and philanthropic family that, among other things, owns the Hyatt hotel chain. His personal fortune is valued at around $3.4 billion. A press release issued by his campaign shortly after he was elected stated that the trust, which will “have contracts that are wholly or partially funded with state dollars,” is in compliance with Illinois laws. It added that Pritzker “has given up as much control and knowledge of these trusts as is possible under the law” and he will not receive regular briefings on how his assets are doing. Critics of the governor, however, argue that putting his finances in a blind trust also makes it difficult to determine if Pritzker or his family is benefitting from his role as Illinois governor. “The complex nature and the extraordinary lack of transparency about the governor's wealth make it impossible for Illinoisans to know whether the governor is making decisions for the best interests of taxpayers or because of his personal financial interests,” Schneider said. “Pritzker must divest and come clean." He added: “Anything less than a complete divestment from these companies and complete transparency about the Pritzker family financial holdings is simply not enough." The controversy surrounding Pritzker’s assets is similar to one that President Trump has had to deal with during his time in the White House. Shortly before taking office, Trump announced that he would be putting his assets into a trust and transferring management of the Trump Organization to his sons, Eric and Donald Jr. But since entering the White House, the president has faced pushback from a number of his aides regarding his official visits to properties he owns in New Jersey and Florida. They have worried about the appearance that Trump is using taxpayer dollars to turn a profit at his resorts. Trump, who has not divested from his properties, spends many weekends at his resorts in either Florida or New Jersey and has regularly dined at his organization’s restaurant in Washington, D.C. A Washington Post analysis last year found that the president’s trips to his properties have brought his businesses at least $1.6 million in revenue since he took office – mostly from federal officials and GOP campaigns who follow Trump. Another controversy has centered specifically around the Trump International Hotel mere steps from the White House. While the Constitution prohibits presidents from taking “emoluments,” or payments, from foreign states, Trump says that clause refers to a ban on outright bribes, not business transactions, and that he will continue to do business with foreign governments at his hotels.
https://www.foxnews.com/politics/trump-china-trade-deal-i-feel-differently|3 days ago|Trump on China trade deal: 'I feel differently now about that deal than I did three months ago'|on Tuesday said that although the trade deal is just kicking in, he feels "very differently" about it since global coronavirus outbreak. “I feel very differently now about that deal than I did three months ago," the president said. “We'll see what happens." “It just seems to mean less to me,” Trump explained. “It was very exciting, one of the biggest deals ever made. But once the virus came in, I said, 'how did they let that happen?'” “Why did they block it leaving Wuhan into China but they didn’t block it from going to other parts of the world?” he added. Trump signed a landmark trade deal with China in January, easing tensions between the world’s two largest economies amid a trade war after accusations that China had for decades been manipulating its currency and stealing U.S. trade secrets. The agreement, which was , 2019, includes commitments from Beijing to halt intellectual property theft, refrain from currency manipulation, cooperate in financial services and over the next two years. The purchases will include up to $50 billion of U.S. agriculture, according to Trump and Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, $40 billion of which has been confirmed by Chinese sources. China will also buy $40 billion in services, $50 billion in energy and $75 to $80 billion worth of manufacturing, sources have said. In return, the U.S. will reduce tariffs on some products made in China, but keep duties the White House has imposed on $375 billion worth of merchandise. Following the phase-one signing, $250 billion of Chinese imports will still be subject to a 25 percent tariff and $125 billion of Chinese goods will be under a 7.5 percent levy. The Trump administration to possibly punish or seek financial compensation from China for what it sees as withholding information about the virus. "There are many things we could do," Trump on Thursday. "We could cut off the whole relationship." "Now, if you did, what would happen?" Trump said. "You’d save $500 billion if you cut off the whole relationship." The Trump administration has already taken a number of steps to sever ties with the communist country, including cutting investment ties between U.S. federal retirement funds and Chinese equities. There is increasing confidence from intelligence officials that the outbreak likely escaped from the Wuhan lab, not as a bioweapon but as part of a Chinese effort to show that its abilities to identify and combat viruses are equal to or greater than those of the U.S. White House chief economic adviser Larry Kudlow said that China "will be held accountable" for its coronavirus response, despite the trade deal. "This will be investigated over a period of time, and we will see how it turns out," Kudlow ." "We still have a trade deal with China, but they will be held accountable."
https://www.foxnews.com/world/coronavirus-cases-spike-in-populous-countries|3 days ago|Coronavirus cases spike in populous countries, signaling more trouble ahead|As and now sit behind only the in the number of reported infections, the pandemic is far from over. New hot spots have emerged globally, signaling more trouble ahead as cases have been spiking in several populous nations: from to to . recorded nearly 9,300 new infections in 24 hours, bringing the total to almost 300,000, about half of them in Moscow. Authorities say over 2,800 people with COVID-19 have died in Russia, a figure some say is surely higher. President ’s approval rating has sunk to 59 percent, the lowest in the two decades he has been in power, Russia’s independent pollster Levada Center reported. The plunge reflects growing mistrust and uncertainty among Russians, Levada said. Some experts argue Russian authorities have been listing chronic illnesses as the cause of death for many who tested positive for the virus. Officials angrily deny manipulating statistics, saying Russia’s low death toll reflects early preventive measures and broad screening. Nearly 7.4 million tests have been conducted in the country of 147 million people. Cases are still rising across , where all 54 nations have seen confirmed infections for a total of over 88,000 cases and 2,800 deaths, according to the Africa Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. South Africa has the highest number of cases at over 16,400, with nearly 290 deaths. Infections have increased dramatically in Cape Town and the surrounding Western Cape province, which now accounts for 61 percent of South Africa’s total. has seen more than 480,000 confirmed coronavirus cases and about 31,000 dead. The highest number of cases is in Brazil, which became the world’s third worst-hit country Monday with more than 250,000 infections despite limited testing. Hospital officials reported that more than 85 percent of intensive care beds are occupied in the states of Rio de Janeiro and Sao Paulo. India is now seeing more than 4,000 new cases day and contending with major spikes in infection since it eased its lockdown. More than 4.8 million people worldwide have been confirmed infected by the virus, and about 320,000 deaths have been recorded, according to a tally by Johns Hopkins University that experts believe is too low.
https://www.foxnews.com/politics/hunker-down-some-states-say-no-full-scale-reopening-until-coronavirus-vaccine-is-ready|3 days ago|Hunker down: Some states say no full-scale reopening until coronavirus vaccine, treatment is ready|As most begin to move forward with measures to reopen their economies following strict lockdowns aimed at slowing the spread of the , some and big-city mayors are now saying the restrictions will not fully be lifted until a vaccine or treatment for the disease is available — a timeline that could take a year or more. The leaders' comments indicate Americans could be living with orders restricting personal and economic activity for much longer than many anticipate. They also come after President Trump said Friday that the U.S. will reopen "vaccine or no vaccine," and told governors in a call Monday that the federal government "will step in if we see something going wrong, or if we disagree" with how states are lifting their lockdown orders aimed at preventing the virus' spread. New Jersey Gov. Phil Murphy was the latest of the state executives to make such comments in a press conference on Monday. "You, too, should expect to continue with this for the foreseeable future," Murphy said of the state's coronavirus restrictions, as he outlined when workers might be able to get back to their offices. He continued: "Until either a proven vaccine is in our midst or proven therapeutics are widely available, we cannot firmly enter the new normal, which eventually awaits us when life will once again return to all of our workplaces, downtowns and main streets. Most importantly, we will continue to be guided by the principle that public health creates economic health. And if we begin to see a backslide in public health, we will have to also pull back on the reins of our restart." Michigan Gov. Gretchen Whitmer said that crowds would not be able to gather for professional or college sports in her state until a vaccine is available or there's a rigorous testing regime in place with signs of herd immunity in the population. "We're gonna be in a new normal for quite a while. And it doesn't mean that sports is over," Whitmer said in a press conference Friday, mentioning a plan being pursued by the MLB to play a shortened season with no fans present. "We need a vaccine, and we need to have mass quantities available," she continued. "Or we need to be able to test and be able to acknowledge that we've got some immunity that's built up. We're not there yet and until that happens I think all the organizers of these leagues understand how important it is that we act responsibly here." Los Angeles Mayor Eric Garcetti made similar comments in an interview on ABC's " " last week. "We have to all recognize that we're not moving beyond COVID-19, we're learning to live with it," Garcetti said. "There's no so-called 'open state' or 'open country' that doesn't continue to have health orders telling us to cover our faces, physical distance and to tell people that you're safest working from and staying at home." Garcetti continued to say that his city would not be fully open until there is a vaccine available, noting that he does not plan to have a full reopening of the city's schools in the fall. "We've never been fully closed, we won't be completely open until we have a cure, but I do believe that we can take steps," he said. Illinois Gov. J.B. Pritzker gave an even more dire warning during the briefing on his state's reopening plan earlier this month, according to the . "I know that we all have a passionate desire to return to the sense of normalcy that we felt before the world knew of COVID-19. Here’s the truth. And I don’t like it any more than you do," he said. "Until we have a vaccine, or an effective treatment, or enough widespread immunity that new cases fail to materialize, the option of returning to normalcy doesn’t exist." Oklahoma City Mayor David Holt, a Republican, told CNN's "New Day" late last month that he has qualms about opening up his city any time before there is a vaccine or medicine available to combat the coronavirus. "Until there is a vaccine or a proven treatment, I am not going to be comfortable about this transition," Holt said. "On the other hand, we can't shelter in place forever." Holt said that despite a reopening date set by Oklahoma Gov. Kevin Stitt, that he would add "conditions" that must be followed in his city, including social distancing measures in restaurants and hairstylists being required to wear masks. The Trump administration is backing efforts to speed along a potential coronavirus vaccine, and although the president has optimistically said one might be ready by the end of the year, medical experts like National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases Director Dr. Anthony Fauci have said it is not particularly likely there will be one available before 2021. While a vaccine or an effective treatment for the coronavirus is the holy grail for the fight against the disease – Sen. Lamar Alexander, R-Tenn., called them the "ultimate solution" at a Senate Health Committee hearing last week – Fauci and others have made clear they are not the only way to get things going again. After a comment Fauci made during the hearing about vaccine development and reopening schools was apparently misinterpreted, Alexander gave Fauci a chance to clarify. "What I thought I heard was that Dr. Fauci said that vaccines are coming as fast as they ever have but it will be later in the year at the earliest before we see that there's some treatment ... but that that doesn't mean that you shouldn't go back to school. That would be more our testing strategy," Alexander said, before asking Fauci to confirm his understanding. "What I was referring to was going back to school would be more in the realm of knowing the landscape of infection with regard to testing," Fauci said, agreeing with Alexander before noting that the level of the coronavirus outbreak in individual areas would be more important. "I did not mean to imply at all any relationship between the availability of a vaccine and treatment and our ability to go back to school." Of course, states like New Jersey are not completely foreclosing reopening measures until a vaccine is made available. Murphy in the same press conference also announced the loosening of multiple elements of the state's coronavirus restrictions — including letting golfers tee off in foursomes instead of just in twosomes. But the prospect that people may be working from home, wearing masks to the grocery store or unable to gather at sporting events or concerts for up to a year or even more in some states is more sobering confirmation that the effects of the coronavirus pandemic could very well linger well past the upcoming presidential election. "While we are not nearly out of the woods yet, and thousands of our fellow New Jerseyans remain in the hospital battling COVID-19, as you can see we are moving forward carefully, methodically and responsibly," Murphy said. He compared the "new normal" Americans face at the end of the pandemic to the reality of security checkpoints in airports after 9/11, which is something that now seems routine to Americans traveling through airports. There is still some hope of a vaccine to come in 2020, however, even if the chances are slim for such an unprecedented accomplishment. The biotech company Moderna announced Monday that it had seen some in trials for its vaccine, and a Johns Hopkins health expert said Sunday on NBC's "Meet the Press" that a vaccine could be available by the end of the year — though he cautioned not to "bank on it." "Given that there are now 110 vaccine projects going on around the world that all the major vaccine companies in the world are working on this in some way, and given that Tony Fauci and Moncef Slaoui are now leading figures in the U.S. in this project and they both believe it’s possible, I think it is possible,” Dr. Tom Inglesby, the director of the Center for Health Security of the Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health, said. He continued: “But, everything would have to break in the right way, and there are many ways that it might not work. So, I don’t think we should bank on it." Sen. Alexander, in a Senate Health Committee hearing last week, mentioned one way the government might be able to speed up the production of a vaccine that shows signs it might work while also saying that increased testing measures could allow life to get back to normal in the meantime. He said that the government might make an effort to mass-manufacture a vaccine before it’s been proven to work so it can be quickly distributed once it’s officially approved. “Those vaccines, those treatments, are the ultimate solution,” Alexander said. “But until we have them, all roads back to work and school go through testing."
https://video.foxnews.com/v/6157812320001/|__clean_error__|__clean_error__|
https://www.foxnews.com/travel/long-island-couple-sues-celebrity-cruise-coronavirus|3 days ago|Long Island couple sues cruise line over coronavirus exposure|A Long Island couple is suing a line after they say it negligently exposed them to the during the early days of the outbreak. The couple says the cruise line was aware that someone on the boat was displaying symptoms of COVID-19, but they claim the company did not alter the boat’s schedule or activities. They also claim the boat held large gatherings of passengers, further exposing everyone to infection. Fred and Marlene Kantrow boarded the Celebrity Eclipse on Feb. 29, reported. After they returned home on March 30, Fred Kantrow was reportedly hospitalized after being infected with COVID-19. They say Celebrity did not inform them of any positive cases of the virus until one or two days after they disembarked. In the lawsuit, the couple alleges that the cruise line was aware that someone on the boat was showing symptoms of the disease at the beginning of the voyage. The couple claims the boat continued with its normally scheduled entertainment and activity options and continued to serve buffet-style meals anyway. After news of the pandemic broke, the ship’s management reportedly held a large gathering of passengers and crew members to honor health care workers. The Kantrows described the event, saying that everybody on the ship was “right next to each other.” Toward the end of the cruise, the ship reportedly threw a Mexican Fiesta, causing the buffet area to become “crammed," the couple said. A Celebrity Eclipse spokesperson did not immediately respond to Fox News' request for comment.
https://www.foxnews.com/tech/army-researchers-may-have-discovered-new-coronavirus-killing-antibodies|3 days ago|Army researchers may have discovered new coronavirus-killing antibodies|The Army Research Laboratory (ARL) is vigorously pursuing technical innovations aimed at “discovering” and engineering new antibodies able to attach to and destroy , thereby helping those severely impacted with an infection, service scientists told Warrior. The ARL work, done in tandem with the University of Texas in Austin, draws upon several elaborate emerging techniques intended to identify potentially “neutralizing” antibodies able to help, or even save, patients who are critically ill with COVID-19. While no officially “neutralizing” antibodies have been discovered yet, there are a number of possibilities with potential promise; the work has inspired the eye and attention of senior Army leaders who oversee the services' scientific research, including the Commander of Army Futures Command, Gen. John Murray. The ongoing work, intended to lead to the eventual production of COVID-19 antibodies, “has “identified 18 potential therapeutic/neutralizing monoclonal antibodies,” Murray said in an interview with Warrior. Doctors and scientists draw blood from COVID-19-infected patients with the hope of “engineering” new antibody configurations able to destroy Coronavirus. “We look to find sequences that are binding to COVID-19. Then we send them off to test their ability to neutralize. A neutralizing antibody keeps a pathogen from being able to proliferate. We assemble antibodies and select winners,” Dr. Jimmy Gollihar, synthetic biology research scientist, U.S. Army Capabilities Development Command, Army Research Laboratory-South, told Warrior in an interview about the process. The goal, Gollihar explained, is to regenerate therapeutic antibodies and give doses to people who are critically ill to help them recover faster. The work is not intended to produce a long-term solution or cure but rather provide a “bridge to a vaccine,” he said. The antibodies are extracted from what Gollihar described as antibody-producing “B-Cells” taken from the blood of infected patients. Gollihar, who is also Chief Technology Officer of the Bioindustrial Manufacturing Innovation Institute, said that “antibody sequences are short-lived,” and do not provide permanent immunity. Antibodies have “varying degrees of half-life in a serum,” he added. "A serum is passed over a column with immobilized antigens from the virus. Antibodies were then fragmenting so we had a library of B-Cells and we could correlate which antibodies were binding." “In partnership with UT in Austin we’ve been working on methods to id sequences of heavy and light chains of antibodies that are specific to Covid-19. The people that we drew blood from were recently infected. They range from one to two weeks post-onset of symptoms. Once we drew their blood we separated their B-Cells,” Gollihar said. As for the process, Murray further explained that the ARL submitted a proposal to the National Institute for Innovation in Manufacturing Biopharmaceutical - Manufacturing Innovation Institute. “The blood draws happened under UT supervision. When we pull all of the B-Cells, we are pulling their full repertoire, everything they have. The challenge is to find antibodies that are binding to COVID-19. Once we find them we produce them and send them off to the lab,” Gollihar said. Described as blood proteins, antibodies are made up of amino acids that make up proteins. Gollihar described proteins as “three-dimensional structures made up of a linear chain of amino acids, the building blocks of proteins. Amino acids are a composition of molecules or chemicals.” ARL and the University of Texas scientists plan to test the antibodies in a small group of infected individuals. “We are not sure if they are neutralizing. We are working diligently to get through neutralization data and are in the process of moving some of those antibodies into production strains so we can test them,” Gollihar said.
https://www.foxnews.com/science/one-group-fitness-class-led-to-112-coronavirus-cases-in-south-korean-study-warns-as-societies-reopen|3 days ago|Group fitness class led to 112 coronavirus cases in South Korea, study warns as societies reopen|The swift spread of from a group of dance fitness instructors in South Korea offers a cautionary tale as countries worldwide and parts of the U.S. begin to slowly reopen during the pandemic. In early February, a group of dance fitness instructors in South Korea met for a workshop. It comprised four hours of intense aerobics with 27 people in a tiny space. At that time, they didn't know that eight participants had coronavirus (but were not showing serious symptoms). A few weeks later, the virus had infected 112 people across 12 different fitness facilities in the region, all linked to dance fitness classes, according to . Contact tracers in South Korea were able to link that outbreak of cases to instructors from the initial February workshop, who were discovered to have worked while experiencing mild symptoms of coronavirus, such as a cough. About 50 percent of the 112 cases were found to have been transmitted from instructors to students. That's 54 students out of the 214 found to have been exposed in the classes, or an infection rate of 26 percent, the report explained. On average, students began experiencing symptoms about 3.5 days after attending a dance fitness class, researchers found. Factors that may have led to increased transmission from the instructors, according to , include "large class sizes, small spaces, and intensity of the workouts. The moist, warm atmosphere in a sports facility coupled with turbulent air flow generated by intense physical exercise can cause more dense transmission of isolated droplets." As of Tuesday afternoon, there were more than 1.5 million infections and at least 91,187 deaths from COVID-19 in the United States.
https://video.foxnews.com/v/6157810605001/|__clean_error__|__clean_error__|
https://www.foxnews.com/science/global-carbon-emissions-plummeted-17-percent-coronavirus-lockdowns|3 days ago|Global carbon emissions plummeted 17 percent amid coronavirus lockdowns, researchers say|Global stay-at-home orders have caused a dramatic plunge in carbon . Daily carbon dioxide emissions worldwide dropped 17 percent, researchers reported in a study published Tuesday in , going from about 100 million metric tons to about 83 million metric tons in early April compared to a year ago. The pandemic shutdowns emptied out airports and freeways. Climate scientist Corinne Le Quéré of the University of East Anglia in Norwich, England, and colleagues used daily data such as electricity demand, city congestion and home smart-meter readings to estimate emissions for 69 countries, according to the study's abstract. Scientists then created something called a “confinement index” based on the restrictiveness of government-imposed policies in different locations and over time. If the world goes back to a pre-coronavirus pandemic level of activity by the middle of June, this year’s emissions will be about 4 percent lower than in 2019, according to researchers. If some restrictions remain through the end of the year, 2020 emissions could still be as much as 7 percent lower. As of Tuesday afternoon, more than 1.5 million people were infected and at least 91,570 were killed in the U.S. from COVID-19.
https://www.foxnews.com/politics/senate-dems-raise-concerns-over-safety-of-meat-plants-after-trump-dpa-order|3 days ago|Senate Democrats raise concerns over safety of meat plants after Trump DPA order|More than two dozen Senate on Tuesday sent a letter to U.S. Agriculture Secretary Sonny Perdue raising concerns about the safety of keeping meat processing plants open during the coronavirus pandemic after late last month invoked the (DPA) to help keep them open despite a spate of coronavirus cases among workers at such facilities. The group of senators, which included moderates like Sen. Doug Jones, D-Ala., and hardline progressives like Sen. Bernie Sanders, I-Vt., and Sen Elizabeth Warren, D-Mass., said their interest in the topic was piqued by a Senate briefing in which USDA officials, according to the letter, were not able to confirm that newly reopened plants were following safety measures. "We are concerned the Executive Order has put pressure on plants to reopen and that USDA is not taking sufficient measures to ensure the plants are operating consistent with federal safety guidance," the letter said. "[W]e understand that USDA officials could not confirm if the plants that reopened since the issuance of the Executive Order are operating in accordance with the CDC and OSHA guidance. They instead stated that it was their expectation that the plants were following the guidelines." Trump invoked the DPA late last month after hundreds of workers at meat processing plants tested positive for the virus, forcing some of the largest manufacturers in the business, which rely on thousands of people working side-by-side carving meat, to shut down or slow production. This caused worries that there could be a major meat shortage in the U.S., which Trump moved to allay with his DPA order. "It is important that processors of beef, pork, and poultry ('meat and poultry') in the food supply chain continue operating and fulfilling orders to ensure a continued supply of protein for Americans," Trump's order said. "Such closures threaten the continued functioning of the national meat and poultry supply chain, undermining critical infrastructure during the national emergency." The Democrats' letter cites numbers from the United Food and Commercial Workers International Union that at least 3,200 meat processing workers have been "directly impacted" by the coronavirus and that 35 workers had died as of May 12. It's unclear what "directly impacted" means in the context used by the Senate Democrats and the union. Concerns aren't just for the meat processing workers. The U.S. Department of Agriculture's Food Safety and Inspection Service (FSIS) told CBS News earlier this month that 145 employees with the coronavirus and an additional 130 are currently under self-quarantine as a precaution due to possible infection. The Democrats' letter asks Perdue how inspectors are being protected, and how the agency is preventing inspectors from carrying the coronavirus between facilities. The Democrats noted that the Trump administration has said it would not issue any regulations or requirements based on the Trump DPA order, but pushed Purdue to strengthen that commitment. "It is critical that you and the Administration clarify that nothing in the President’s Executive Order requires meat processing plants to stay open and the plants should only operate in accordance with the OSHA and CDC guidelines and any other requirements from state or local authorities," the letter reads. It continues: "Additionally, we request that under the Executive Order, you ensure that all meat and poultry processing facilities operate in accordance with the OSHA and CDC guidance for meat and poultry processing employees and protect the workers from COVID-19 and that you institute a plan for monitoring and enforcement of that guidance." The guidelines issued by the Trump administration address a broad variety of recommendations for meat processing facilities, including recommending that workers move in single-file lines, how to implement screening and the best sick leave policies to ensure sick employees don't come to work. The letter also asks several detailed questions on efforts to ensure meat processing plants are complying with federal rules and the Department of Agriculture's actions to protect workers, the supply chain and more. The meat supply issues have triggered some outside-the-box thinking by other memers of Congress, too. Rep. Thomas Massie, R-Ky., revived an old piece of legislation which would allow small farmers to sell meat directly to stores and restaurants -- making it easier for smaller farmers to contend with large conglomerates. Those large plants with thousands of workers processing meat on a massive scale are where the coronavirus outbreaks have happened. "What this legislation would do is expand the exemptions and make it easier (for small farmers) to sell to places like grocery stores and restaurants," Massie, who first introduced the legislation along with Chellie Pingree, D-Maine, almost five years ago, told Fox News. "The same regulations that apply to multinational beef hackers that slaughter 10,000 animals a day shouldn't apply to a rancher slaughtering 20."
https://www.foxnews.com/lifestyle/texas-bars-reopening-friday-coronavirus-shutdown|3 days ago|Texas bars to begin reopening Friday after coronavirus shutdown|Many of ’ bars, bowling alleys and some other attractions can begin reopening Friday after shutting their doors in an effort to slow the spread of the novel . issued an executive order Monday outlining Phase II of the state’s plan to return to business following weeks of shutdowns. But a handful of counties that the governor called COVID-19 hot spots cannot move into Phase II until May 29, Abbot said. Those include El Paso, Randall, Potter, Moore and Deaf Smith. “Today, tomorrow and every day going forward is one step closer to medical discoveries that can treat and protect people from COVID-19,” Abbott said in a . “But until that day comes, our focus is keeping Texans safe while restoring their ability to get back to work, open their businesses, pay their bills, and put food on their tables.” , bowling alleys, bingo halls, skating rinks, aquariums and simulcast racing sites in most Texas counties can resume business on May 22. Equestrian events and rodeos can resume operations, and natural caverns can reopen, as well. Restaurants can serve customers at 50 percent their normal occupancy. Bars, breweries, tasting rooms and similar businesses can reopen at 25 percent capacity. There are exceptions for the occupancy rules in outdoor areas where customers can maintain safe distancing. Other businesses and events, like summer camps and youth sports, can reopen on May 31. So can some professional sports, without in-person spectators. In another aspect of the state’s reopening push, public schools can hold in-person summer classes, so long as they follow social distancing practices and other health protocols laid out by the Texas Department of State Health Services. “I ask all Texans to continue heeding the guidance of our state and federal medical experts and do their part to protect public health,” Abbott said. As of Tuesday morning, there were more than 1.5 million confirmed coronavirus cases in the U.S. and over 90,000 deaths, according to Johns Hopkins University.
https://www.foxnews.com/politics/ford-tells-white-house-trump-should-wear-coronavirus-mask-when-visiting-plant-this-week|3 days ago|Ford tells White House Trump should wear coronavirus mask when visiting plant this week|and officials accompanying him Thursday to a factory in that manufactures ventilators were recommended to wear masks at the facility, the auto-maker said Tuesday. “Our policy is that everyone wears PPE [personal protective equipment] to prevent the spread of COVID-19,” Ford said in a statement to Fox News. "We shared all of Ford's safety protocols, including our manufacturing playbook, employee pamphlet and self-assessment survey with the White House ahead of time and in preparation for this trip." It was not clear if Trump will comply, as he has refused to wear a mask publicly, like when he visits the Rawsonville Components Plant in Ypsilanti. "The White House has its own safety and testing policies in place and will make its own determination," Ford said. Fox News has reached out to the for comment. The auto giant repurposed the facility to produce much-needed ventilators and PPE in response to the . Trump has resisted wearing a mask, even as public health experts have urged the public to do so. In previous trips to and , he declined to cover his face. On a May 5 trip to a Honeywell factory in Phoenix, Trump appeared without a mask, despite factory workers doing so. After the visit, , D-Calif., advised the president to set an example by donning one. "You think, as the president of the United States, you would have the confidence to honor the guidance that you are giving others in the country," she said. "Yes, he should have worn a face mask.” The White House last week told staffers that masks were and asked them to practice social distancing. The mandate came after a number of people close to Trump and contracted the virus. Pence wore a mask during a tour of a General Motors plant in Indiana in April, days after coming under fire for during a visit to the Mayo Clinic in .
https://www.foxnews.com/us/texas-man-charged-coronavirus-loan-fraud|3 days ago|Texas man charged with coronavirus loan fraud topping $5 million|A is accused of filing fake applications seeking more than $5 million in relief aid meant for small businesses, prosecutors said Tuesday. Samuel Yates, 32, of Maud, Texas, allegedly sought millions in forgivable loans guaranteed by the Small Business Administration (SBA) under the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security (CARES) Act. Yates sought loans from two different banks by claiming to employ over 400 people earning wages – even though he had no employees working for him, the said in a . In the first application, Yates claimed his “employees” required an average monthly payroll of $2 million. In the second application, Yates was able to obtain a loan of over $500,000 by claiming he employed more than 100 individuals. For both applications, Yates provided a list of his supposed employees that he obtained from a publicly available random name generator online, the DOJ said. He allegedly provided fake tax records with each application. “This defendant allegedly sought to steal millions of dollars in loans intended to aid legitimate small businesses grappling with the economic effects of COVID-19,” said Assistant Attorney General Brian A. Benczkowski of the Justice Department’s Criminal Division. “The department and our law enforcement partners will use all the tools at our disposal to investigate and prosecute frauds against the Paycheck Protection Program.” Yates is charged with violations of wire fraud, bank fraud, false statements to a financial institution, and false statements to the SBA. It wasn’t immediately clear if he has a lawyer who could speak on his behalf. Loans are guaranteed by the SBA for COVID-19 relief through the (PPP). Lawmakers in late March to provide emergency financial assistance to millions of Americans who have been impacted by the coronavirus pandemic. The CARES Act authorized up to to small businesses for job retention and certain other expenses, through the PPP. Last month, Congress authorized more than $300 billion in .
https://www.foxnews.com/us/murder-in-the-age-of-coronavirus-a-california-familys-hunt-for-answers|3 days ago|Mourning a murder and solving a murder in the age of coronavirus: A California family’s hunt for answers|For those who have lost loved ones to violent crime during the pandemic, the coronavirus is especially cruel: It not only hampers investigations, but it makes the mourning process all the more difficult to handle. At dusk on April 15, Kevin and Tracey Butler were watching television with their eldest daughter Rachael, 22, and Camaryn, 20, at home when they received a telephone call that haunts them still. Their son Jackson, who turned 19 Feb. 1, was fighting for his life following a brutal knife attack in a Pleasanton, Calif., hotel parking lot less than 2 miles away. "Each day is like waking up to a nightmare," Jackson's father, Kevin Butler, told Fox News this week. "That evening, we went to the scene and followed the ambulance to the hospital, having no idea what the outcome would be. But because of the corona, we could not go in as a family and say a prayer. We could only go in two of us at a time, and we could not touch or kiss his forehead." Jackson soon succumbed to multiple stab words. Five weeks later, no murder charges have been brought and little is publicly known about what went down when the young student wandered into the parking lot in shorts and flipflops for the last time. On April 21, about a week later, police arrested two in connection with the case, although neither suspect was charged with murder. Isaiah Joseph Howard, 19, was detained briefly at the Santa Rita Jail in Dublin on suspicion of accessory to murder, and concealment or destruction of evidence. He promptly made $40,000 bail and was released. A second suspect, who is 17 (a minor so his name was not released), was held at the juvenile hall on charges of robbery and conspiracy. However, Pleasanton Police Capt. Larry Cox told Fox News that a fresh wave of arrests is more than likely in the next few weeks; investigators have "identified other suspects" both directly and indirectly involved. But the global pandemic has decelerated crucial components of the process, he said. Testing DNA samples is slower, as is obtaining search warrants and data from major social media and cellphone companies. "We are reaching out to these companies, but most of them are 'nonessential' businesses that are either not working or their employees are working from home. The replies are timely, but [getting what we need] has been slowed quite a bit," Cox continued. "These are frustrations that we share with the family, a month later, and we are still waiting on evidence." According to Jackson's sister, Howard and her brother played football together. As far as she knows, they were acquaintances – not enemies – and followed each other on Instagram. The minor, she said, is closely related to Howard and was also a standout athlete like her brother. She pointed out that her brother saved up to buy himself a designer bag, which arrived in the mail that day. He posted a picture of it on his social media as well as a picture of an old one he was selling, raising red flags about whether he was a victim of a robbery. The new bag was $900. "My brother had no enemies, he had the biggest heart of anyone I have ever met," Butler insisted. "He made everyone feel special; he volunteered with special education classes and at the old folks' homes. He wanted to make a difference in people's lives." Compounding its grief, the Butler family cannot hold a memorial service or a candlelight vigil due to social distancing and stay-home orders amid COVID-19. The family said they typically talk to detectives once a week, and the days that stretch between calls feel nothing short "of a lifetime." "They arrested those first two weeks ago, and now for the sake of 10 percent of their bail – $4,000 – they are free to walk around, and hide more evidence and figure out their story," said Rachael Butler. "They don't have to wear a bracelet. Their mugshots weren't released. They could be your neighbor." Kevin Butler said his son wanted his wings and was staying close by at an extended-stay hotel. His apartment-hunting quest was on hold due to the health crisis. His girlfriend was in his room at the time of the murder, and thus not a direct witness to what happened in the parking lot. "Other murders make national news, but this hasn't been the case with our son. We want someone to be held accountable," lamented Tracey Butler, Jackson's mother. "We don't want our son to be forgotten. We want people to know that nobody has been charged with murder, and the suspects are still walking around while our son is not." She pointed out that, chillingly, a friend saw one of the recently released suspects at the local post office just the other day. "We are a very close family, and we can't do anything for him while everything is closed," she continued. "Our son deserved more. He isn't here to fight for justice." And while nobody is currently behind bars in the case, Cox said he doesn't consider the suspects a "flight risk." A court hearing, Jackson's family said, is slated for June 16, and police hope to have a more detailed picture by then. "There are still a lot of people we need to talk too. There are no independent witnesses and no surveillance video. It really is a whodunit case starting from scratch," Cox asserted. "But we are going to get there." Butler's murder marks the first homicide in the sleepy Pleasanton community in eight years, authorities said. While the family questioned whether nearby police departments such as San Francisco or Oakland – which deal daily in violent crime – will assist, Cox reassured that his team is fully focused and determined to seek justice. "The good news is [we have so few] violent crime cases, we can dedicate so much time and resources, and we are making sure to dot all our I's and cross all our T's," he said. "We will get there." Jackson Butler was born and bred in Pleasanton, a 70,000-person city in Alameda County, California – a suburb in the San Francisco Bay Area about 25 miles east of Oakland. Known for his childhood excellence in an array of sports, as a young teenager, he chose to focus his efforts on judo wrestling, his dad said. At the age of 15, he was recruited by the French National Team, but just days later, his name emerged on the world ranking list as a native of the U.S., disqualifying him from taking the opportunity. At the time of his murder, Jackson was taking firefighting classes at Las Positas College, following in the footsteps of his father, who retired in December after 31 years as a battalion chief in the neighboring Woodside Fire Protection District. "It has been rough. I have seen a lot in my career and been through a lot in my life," Kevin added. "But nothing compares to losing my baby, my son."
https://www.foxnews.com/media/widowed-nj-mom-furloughed-coronavirus-food-bank|3 days ago|Widowed NJ mom on turning to food bank after being furloughed: 'They are there for this time of need'|A widowed mother of three in is hoping to reduce the "stigma" surrounding food bank assistance after she was furloughed from her job and left without options amid the . Alissa Hogan told " " Tuesday she had reached out to the state's unemployment office multiple times after she was furloughed from her restaurant job, but her requests went unanswered. "Right now, it's like you're at the mercy of a computer system, and there is just no way of getting through to anyone. There's no one to talk to you," she said. "I can write multiple emails, and you are just not getting the responses that you need." After exhausting all other options, Hogan turned to a local food bank for help. "I really think that food banks are an amazing resource that unfortunately, people are embarrassed to use," Hogan told host Dana Perino. "I actually was very unknowledgeable, and I thought that food banks were for people who were homeless," she explained. "I didn't realize that any family could go there." Hogan said she chose to speak out to let others who are struggling to feed their families know that food banks are "there for this time of need." "There really is a stigma ... behind the whole thing of food banks. But for me going, it was very discreet," she said. "The people don't ask any questions. You drive up in your car, grab a box, and drive away."
https://www.foxnews.com/politics/hawley-lawsuits-china-coronavirus-bill|3 days ago|Hawley bill would let Americans sue China over coronavirus|. A bill to hold accountable for coronavirus by opening the U.S. legal system to permit millions of American virus patients to sue China and the Chinese Communist Party for damages has been announced by a U.S. senator. If passed, the bill could allow for the largest negligence lawsuit in world history. "The reason we have this pandemic is because the Chinese communist government unleashed it on the world," Sen. Josh Hawley, R-Mo., said. He has introduced legislation that would provide redress for those hit by the virus or its consequences, by stripping China of its sovereign immunity and letting Americans file lawsuits in U.S. courts seeking damages against Beijing. "They suppressed the evidence. They suppressed the doctors. They jailed the doctors even. And now we're dealing with this terrible disease," the senator said. "So the victims of this disease in our country ought to be able to go to our courts and sue the Chinese government to hold them accountable and to get damages for it." The bill, known as the Justice for Victims of Coronavirus Act, would not only make the Chinese government liable for civil claims in U.S. courts, but would also penalize China for its alleged negligence and cover-up when the virus first emerged in Wuhan. "Throughout the pandemic, they have lied about the facts, both about the virus itself and also what's going on in China. So, make no mistake, the Chinese government is responsible for the extent of this damage, they are responsible for the pandemic that the world is now suffering, and that's why they should be on the hook," Hawley told Fox News. According to the bill, China allegedly "concealed the emergence and spread" of the virus," engaged in a pattern of "silencing medical professionals, journalists, and academic researchers," and worked on "halting research and destroying or otherwise denying access by Chinese and international health authorities to COVID-19 viral samples and relevant medical information." Beijing is also accused of "waging a global propaganda offensive" to hide its mishandling of the outbreak. The potential damages, Hawley told Fox News, could be in the trillions of dollars. "Citizens who have been damaged by this pandemic can go to a court, an American court, and can sue China and ask for relief," Hawley explained. "The court would have the ability to attach Chinese assets, government assets in this country, so that the court would actually have the ability to have damages awarded to those victims who have come in. ... This is a common-sense measure that will allow victims real relief." Experts have said suing China would not be easy. The Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act of 1976 generally has blocked such lawsuits, declaring that foreign states "shall be immune from the jurisdiction of the courts of the United States and of the states." But, there have been exceptions and successful actions. Last year, a federal judge awarded the parents of Otto Warmbier, the 22-year-old Ohio college student who was arrested and tortured by the regime of Kim Jong Un and died after his release, a $500 million judgment against North Korea. Warmbier's parents, Cindy and Fred, have been seeking to attach North Korean assets around the globe to collect. The families of passengers who were killed in the bombing of Pan Am flight 103 over Lockerbie, Scotland, in 1988, were awarded between $5 and $10 million each against the government of Libya. Two families of victims killed on 9/11 won a $104 million verdict against the government of Iraq. In 2016 the U.S. Senate passed the Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act, which enabled 1,500 survivors and 850 families of 9/11 victims to file a massive lawsuit against Saudi Arabia for also allegedly helping the hijackers. That suit has been winding through the courts. On Monday, the U.S. Supreme Court ruled unanimously that Sudan can be held responsible for punitive damages from American families of victims of Al Qaeda's 1998 embassy bombing in Africa. Sudan has already settled with victims of the 2000 attack on the USS Cole warship in Yemen. "It is easy based upon what has been reported to point the finger at China, but that is a little bit different than what the law will actually permit," cautioned Philadelphia lawyer Jim Beasley Jr. of the Beasley Firm. In 2003, he won the suit against Iraq, having brought an action against that country as well as Afghanistan, Al Qaeda and Usama Bin Laden on behalf of the families of two 9/11 victims. Beasley won the default judgment of $104 million in 2003, but the U.S. State Department objected and appealed. A federal district court blocked the payment. The U.S. government had argued the money needed to go to rebuild schools in Afghanistan and Iraq instead. Most of the previous cases against foreign nations have been brought under terrorism statutes, and Beasley said it will be difficult to prove China's legal responsibility for causing a pandemic versus finding fault from an intentional act. "Even if everything that people are saying that China did is true, it is still a very contagious virus," Beasley said. "How do you prove that it wouldn't be here but for China's behavior? Are some of the people that are bringing a claim, did they wear masks when they were supposed to, did they stand 6 feet apart from everybody, then how do you calculate damages, and then how are you going to secure any assets to satisfy any potential default judgment that we get?" And, Beasley said Beijing may not only simply thumb its nose at the U.S. legal system, but that the State Department will ultimately move to block any damages, as it did in his successful case against Iraq. "China's not going to respond, so to the extent that this somehow proceeds and it ends up in a default judgment, then you end up having a collective, and the State Department's not going to let that happen because issues between nations, especially sovereign nations, are the province of diplomacy, not the United States courts," he said. "There are 10 different reasons why I don't think it will work." The Chinese government did not respond to Fox News' request for comment on Hawley's bill, but last week the Foreign Ministry criticized the efforts by Republican senators to hold China accountable for coronavirus. "This act sponsored by several U.S. lawmakers shows no respect for facts," ministry spokesman Zhao Lijian said. "By pushing for investigations based on the presumption of guilt, it is meant to shirk responsibility for the U.S. fumbling response to China. This is highly immoral. We are firmly opposed to it." Hawley, who previously served as the Missouri attorney general, was undeterred. Hawley also proposed a "Working Group to Quantify Harm" that would identify the extent of the economic damage, and an international commission to investigate China's actions and eventually hold China accountable to prevent a recurrence. The commission also would examine the ways in which China has gained influence in the World Health Organization, which prompted the U.N. agency to "spread false, incomplete or misleading information" and "to praise" the Chinese government all the while Beijing was working "to conceal the emergence and spread of COVID-19." Hawley said the same measures that have been used successfully in the past on behalf of Americans in other cases, should be enacted for this crisis. "Let's take away that immunity of the Beijing government, the communist government. Let's strip it. We know how to do it. We've done it many times in the past. Let's do it now and let's give victims the ability to have their day in court and to get damages for what they have suffered," he insisted.
https://www.foxnews.com/politics/trump-defends-hydroxychloroquine-hits-back-pelosi|3 days ago|Trump defends taking hydroxychloroquine, hits back at Pelosi as 'sick'|on Tuesday defended his use of hydroxychloroquine in an attempt potentially to ward off the , saying the unproven COVID-19 drug "gives you an additional level of safety." Trump, that he's taking the anti-malaria drug to prevent coronavirus, much to the shock of the medical community, bashed a scientific study warning of the dangers of hydroxychloroquine as a personal assault on him. "It was a Trump enemy statement," Trump said on Capitol Hill Tuesday after lunching with GOP senators. He didn't specify the name of the study but said the participants were in "bad shape" and "almost dead." Trump appeared to refer to a hospitalized with COVID-19 that found those taking hydroxychloroquine had a higher rate of death than those who did not. He also hit back at , D-Calif., who said Trump shouldn't take the unproven drug especially given his age and weight, which she referred to as " ." At the start of the news conference, Trump declined to respond to Pelosi's remarks, saying she's a "waste of time." But by the end of the less than seven-minute press gaggle, Trump punched back. "Pelosi is a sick woman. She's got a lot of problems -- a lot of mental problems," Trump said. As for hydroxychloroquine, Trump said individuals will have to make up their own minds about taking the drug, but he argued "it doesn't hurt people." "It's been out in the market for 60 years or 65 years for malaria, lupus and other things. I think it gives you an additional level of safety," Trump said. Following Trump's announcement Monday, many doctors urged Americans that their best sources for medical information are medical experts, not the president. The U.S. Food and Drug Administration using hydroxychloroquine for COVID-19 outside of the hospital setting or a clinical trial "due to risk of heart rhythm problems." "You have to have a discussion with your doctor to decide if it is best for you," Dr. Janette Nesheiwat, a Fox News medical contributor, . "It is not going to be good for everyone but it may be beneficial and potentially life-saving for others." Dr. William Schaffner, an infectious diseases specialist at the Vanderbilt Medical Center, went a step further. "I certainly would not recommend that people in the U.S. ask their physicians to prescribe hydroxychloroquine for the prevention of COVID," Schaffner told "Its use is entirely speculative." Dr. Rob Davidson, the executive director of the Committee to Protect Medicare, advised his followers to ignore the president. "There is no evidence of benefit and there is evidence of harm," Davidson tweeted. "Trump is responsible for the deaths of tens of thousands. Let's not add to that number." The White House said Trump wanted to join the weekly GOP lunch to discuss the coronavirus response. Trump wants to "thank senators for their work during this unprecedented crisis, discuss the progress safely opening up America again, and explore the path to economic prosperity for all Americans," White House spokesman Judd Deere said. The House on Friday passed a massive that would send nearly $1 trillion in relief to state and local governments, dole out another round of $1,200 direct payments to most Americans, boost food assistance, extend enhanced unemployment benefits through January 2021 and establish hazard pay for essential workers. But the White House threatened to , and the Senate won't take up the bill because of the price tag and because of extras they've panned as a . Republican congressional leaders say they are in no rush to pass a fifth coronavirus relief bill. And if that time comes, they'd want a much narrower bill with liability protections for businesses against coronavirus lawsuits. , R-Calif., said he and Senate Majority Leader , R-Ky., are "100 percent" in agreement on needing this provision so businesses can reopen without fear of trial lawyers. Democrats, however, are more focused on passing new worker safety regulations so employees have proper protective gear and safer conditions as they return to their jobs. Trump said he had a good meeting with GOP senators discussing the coronavirus response and the 2020 election and their focus is getting the economy back up and running, which he dubbed the "transition to greatness."
https://www.foxnews.com/science/six-feet-may-not-be-far-enough-to-stop-coronavirus-transmission-in-windy-weather-study-claims|3 days ago|Six feet may not be far enough to stop coronavirus transmission in windy weather, study suggests|Public health officials have advised wearing a mask in public and remaining at least six feet from anyone else to prevent the new from spreading. These measures are credited with flattening the curve in places like New York City. However, that distance may not be far enough, depending on the weather conditions. In a paper published on Tuesday in , Talib Dbouk and Dimitris Drikakis discovered that with even a slight breeze of 2.4 miles per hour, saliva can travel up to 18 feet in only 5 seconds. "Overall, the results show that in open spaces, airborne droplet carriers can travel significantly further than the 2 meters (6 feet) recommended distance due to the wind speed," the authors write in the study. Many different factors influence how saliva droplets move through the air, including their size, how they interact with the surrounding air and the humidity and temperature of the surrounding air. Dbouk and Drikakis produced a computational fluid dynamics model that examines the state of every saliva droplet moving through the air in front of a coughing person. Their simulation considered factors like "relative humidity, turbulent dispersion forces, droplet phase-change, evaporation, and breakup in addition to the droplet–droplet and droplet–air interactions," according to the paper's abstract. The researchers' analysis involved running so-called partial differential equations on 1,008 saliva droplets and solving approximately 3.7 million equations in total. "The purpose of the mathematical modeling and simulation is to take into account all the real coupling or interaction mechanisms that may take place between the main bulk fluid flow and the saliva droplets, and between the saliva droplets themselves," Dbouk explained in a to the American Institure of Physics. "This study shows that, when a person coughs, the wind speed in an open space environment significantly influences the distance that airborne disease-carrier droplets travel," the authors write in the study's conclusion. More work is needed to examine how ground surface temperatures impact the behavior of saliva in the air and to also investigate indoor environments. As of Tuesday afternoon, globally at least 4.8 million people were infected with coronavirus and at least 321,459 people have died.
https://www.foxnews.com/politics/cruz-suggests-doj-investigate-de-blasio-for-tweets-about-jews|3 days ago|Cruz suggests DOJ investigate de Blasio for tweets about Jews|Sen. , R-Texas, called out New York City Mayor on Twitter Tuesday after the Democrat posted a message about Jews in his city supposedly violating social distancing policies. De Blasio was blasted just weeks ago for tweeting about the city's entire Jewish community after an incident involving members of one Hasidic sect. Cruz suggested that the U.S. Department of Justice investigate de Blasio for targeting a religious population. "The next time NYC's mayor sends out a gleeful tweet about sending cops after Jews, the DOJ should investigate to make sure he's not violating constitutionally guaranteed religious liberties," Cruz tweeted. "Actually, they should have done it after the last one." Cruz retweeted de Blasio's tweet from Tuesday morning, in which he announced that a Yeshiva -- an orthodox Jewish school -- was shut down for having classes with dozens of children, and that the city is "issuing a Cease and Desist Order." The senator also appeared to reference de Blasio's tweet from three weeks earlier when he gave a "message to the Jewish community" after an excessively large gathering at a funeral in Brooklyn. That tweet said "the time for warnings has passed" and that he future violators could face with summons or arrest. In response to this, de Blasio's press secretary Freddie Goldstein told Fox News that the mayor "has said that enforcement is a last resort, but we will not stand idly by" when it comes to gatherings that endanger New Yorkers. "That’s what he’s focused on, not Ted Cruz’s sudden interest in 'New York Values,'" Goldstein said, referencing Cruz made during his 2016 presidential campaign that at the time sparked accusations of anti-Semitic undertones. De Blasio faced for that tweet. While critics did not appear to dispute whether the funeral was a violation of social distancing rules -- which call for staying at least six feet apart and limit large gatherings -- they questioned de Blasio’s language toward the city’s Jewish population over the incident, months after a rash of anti-Semitic attacks in the New York metropolitan area. Some also asserted that de Blasio would not speak the same way about other religious or cultural populations. After de Blasio's tweet against the Jewish funeral, which took place in the Williamsburg neighborhood of Brooklyn, a couple was arrested for allegedly attacking Hasidic men in that same area. According to the , police said the pair blamed the Jews for getting people sick.
https://www.foxnews.com/politics/dem-senator-suggests-officials-want-sacrifice-lives-bump-gdp-dow-hearing-clash|3 days ago|Dem senator suggests officials want to sacrifice lives for bump in GDP, Dow in hearing clash|Treasury Secretary was grilled Tuesday by several members of the Senate Banking Committee over the allocation of $500 billion in CARES Act money designated for economic relief amid the pandemic -- but it was a clash with Ohio Sen. Sherrod Brown over the push to reopen the economy that generated the most attention. The Democratic senator first noted the risks that essential workers take by putting their health on the line in providing necessary services for the country, and then accused the government -- in dramatic fashion -- of pushing the rest of the U.S. into equally dangerous situations without precautions. "How many workers will die if we send people back to work without the protections they need?" Brown asked. Mnuchin responded that the administration is not looking to send anyone back to work without protection, but Brown immediately asked a similar, more pointed question, trivializing the economic benefits of reopening businesses. “How many workers should give their lives to increase the GDP [gross domestic product] by half a percent?” Brown asked, adding: "How many workers should give their lives to increase the GDP or the Dow Jones by 1,000 points?” Brown framed the debate over reopening as one of risking lives for the sake of making investors wealthy. But those pushing to reopen the economy typically point to the need to get everyday Americans back to work. Unemployment claims have pushed past 36 million since the crisis began. Further, there was dire language in the Congressional Oversight Commission's on the CARES Act, which was the intended subject of Tuesday's hearing. "More than one-quarter of the U.S. economy has been idled -- a fall in output equivalent to what occurred between 1929 and 1933 during the Great Depression," the report's introduction stated. Mnuchin pushed back against Brown's premise, stating: "No worker should give their life to do that, Mr. Senator, and I think your characterization is unfair." He proceeded to describe how the Trump administration has "provided enormous amounts of equipment" and worked with state governors when Brown cut him off. "Mr. Secretary, I’m not going to let you make a political speech," Brown said. Later in the hearing, Mnuchin faced questions over whether the money the CARES Act provides for business loans would truly go to where it is needed to support such a comeback. “Secretary Mnuchin, you have said that the jobs numbers will improve,” Sen. Elizabeth Warren, D-Mass., said. “Now to make that happen people are going to need jobs. Does this mean that you will require companies that receive the bailout money from the taxpayers to keep their workers on payroll?” Mnuchin responded by stating that “different facilities have different requirements,” but that he hopes they will “fulfill both the spirit and the details of the law.” “I take it the answer to my question,” Warren asked, “is no?” Mnuchin responded that both parties agreed to the rules, even if Warren herself was not part of the negotiations. Sen. Brian Schatz, D-Hawaii, referred to a requirement that companies that receive government funds not fire workers or reduce pay until Sept. 30, 2020, but noted that American Airlines announced in May that they were moving 28,000 employees from full-time to part-time within two weeks "Was that announcement a violation of the terms of the payroll support program?" Schatz asked. “Right now we believe they are in compliance with the agreement," Mnuchin said. When Schatz asked if American Airlines was in violation at the time they made the announcement, Mnuchin said he would not discuss specific companies' situations. Later in the hearing, Mnuchin noted that if a company offers a worker their job back and they decline, the company should report this so that the worker would not be eligible for unemployment benefits. Sen. Jon Tester, D-Mont., focused on oversight of how federal dollars are disbursed, specifically the role of the Inspector General (IG) appointed to monitor this, in light of last week's termination of State Department IG Steve Linick. "Secretary Mnuchin, do you think it is right to be able to remove public servants that their job is independence in holding the government accountable?” Tester asked. "Yes, that's within his authority," Mnuchin said, noting what he interpreted as a reference to President Trump removing Linick. "Even if they’re doing their job?” Tester asked. "Again, that’s an appointed position," Mnuchin said. "He has the right to withdraw just as he’s nominated a new Special Inspector General to work with the CARES Act which we look forward to the Senate confirming so we can work with that person.” Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell, who also testified at Tuesday's hearing, said that the Fed's lending programs for medium-sized businesses and state and local governments would begin operating by the end of this month. Powell said that while the Fed has received a "good deal of interest" in those programs, if not enough companies or state and local governments seek to borrow, then Fed would consider changes to them, which could include expanding their eligibility.
https://www.foxnews.com/politics/michigans-whitmer-says-trump-administration-sent-swabs-that-cant-be-used-with-all-coronavirus-tests|3 days ago|Michigan's Whitmer says Trump administration sent swabs that can't be used with all coronavirus tests|Michigan Gov. criticized the Trump administration’s handling of the in her state – saying the federal government sent her a batch of swabs that won’t work with some kinds of tests for the virus. Whitmer said that while Michigan has dramatically increased its ability to test people for COVID-19, the state’s effort have been hampered by a shipment from Washington of foam swabs – which she says won’t work with a number of tests being conducted to detect the pathogen. “We still don’t have swabs for a number of test kits,” Whitmer told Fox News in a phone interview. “Simple things like not having the right swab can stop us from reaching our goal in testing.” There are multiple different types of tests that can be conducted to detect whether or not a person has become infected by the novel coronavirus, and each of these requires different steps and different supplies. One similarity between all the tests for an active infection, however, is the use of nasopharyngeal swabs to collect a sample from a patient’s nose or throat. With millions of these long, flexible medical devices needed across the country, both the federal government and state leaders have been desperately working to get the swabs to hot spots. While President Trump on April 17 vowed to ship out millions of swabs in the coming weeks – saying "Mostly, it's cotton. It's not a big deal" – the swabs are slightly more complex than that. Cotton can interfere with test results because it contains its own genetic material, so swabs used to test for COVID-19 are made from polyester, nylon, foam or some other synthetic material, and each is used for a different type of test. Whitmer said that she has a good relationship with Vice President Mike Pence and that overall the federal government has been good at getting her state the supplies she needs. She blames the swab screw-up and the mounting infection rates from the pandemic on the lack of clear national strategy from Washington. “We need more of a national strategy,” she said. “Instead we’ve had 50 different governors with 50 different strategies competing with one another for supplies.” She added: “People in this country need to understand how serious that is.” Michigan has been one of the state’s hardest hit by the public health crisis, with over 51,000 confirmed cases of COVID-19 and almost 4,900 deaths as of Tuesday. Wayne County – home to Detroit – has the fifth most deaths from the disease in the country, behind only some in New York and Illinois’ Cook County, according to the Center for Systems Science and Engineering at Johns Hopkins University. Along with dealing with the public health issues from the virus, Whitmer has also been forced to deal with a number of protests against her stringent stay-at-home orders. While the protests have gone off generally without incident, Whitmer – and some state lawmakers from both parties – have raised concern about some of the demonstrators carrying assault weapons. A 32-year-old Detroit man was also recently arrested for allegedly making death threats against Whitmer and state Attorney General Dana Nessel over the COVID-19-related restrictions. Whitmer, however, said she will not be cowed into reopening the state before it is safe and risk more infections and deaths. “I’ve been focused on doing my job, and I’m going to keep doing that and I’m not going to apologize about that,” she said. “I’m not changing the way I run this state because of some protests.”
https://www.foxnews.com/travel/florida-theme-parks-reopen-this-weekend|3 days ago|Some Florida theme parks hope to reopen by this weekend|Disney World isn’t the only theme park in hoping to reopen soon. As fans across the country wait to hear when the Disney park will , several of the sunshine state’s smaller parks have also been working towards that goal. While a reopening date for Disney World hasn’t been announced yet, these smaller parks are hoping to reopen this week. Representatives from Gatorland, Fun Spot America and ICON Park met with the members of the Orange County Economic Recovery Task Force this week, reports. The theme park reps specifically met with the Bringing Back Tourism group to begin working on guidelines for reopening. Fun Spot America reportedly hopes to reopen this Friday, while Gatorland hopes to reopen this Saturday. ICON Park has not yet set a date. “Those of us in the hospitality industry are uniquely qualified to handle this well,” president and CEO of ICON Park Chris Jaskiewicz told Fox 35. “We are already trained for excellence. We’re in the world’s most competitive hospitality market. To succeed in Orlando, we all have to be excellent at safety, fast at adaptability. And with a disciplined process, that is what we do and that is what we’ll continue to do in the face of this challenge.” Members of the task force will reportedly prepare a list of guidelines for the parks to reopen and if the rest of the group accepts these guidelines, it will vote to recommend to Mayor Jerry Demings of Orange County that the parks be allowed to reopen.
https://www.foxnews.com/politics/trump-executive-order-to-identify-regulations-that-can-be-suspended-for-coronavirus-recovery|3 days ago|Trump announces executive order aiming to make hundreds of deregulations amid coronavirus permanent|announced an executive order Tuesday that aims to make hundreds of deregulations in the age of permanent, something that would amount to a massive overhaul of regulatory policy. "We've done far more regulation cutting than any president in history," Trump said at a Cabinet meeting ahead of signing the order. Fox News is told the executive order tells regulatory agencies to look at more than 600 regulatory actions -- mostly deregulations, but also regulations and guidance -- taken during the coronavirus pandemic and tell the White House which ones should be made permanent. "We had cases where it would take 20 years to build a highway, you had to go through various agencies to get the same permit," the president said. "If a bureaucratic rule needs to be suspended during a time of crisis to help the American people, we should ask ourselves if it makes sense to keep at all," Acting Office of Management and Budget (OMB) Director Russ Vought told Fox Business. The order will use emergency authority to figure out the best way to identify which other regulations still in place can be suspended to help jumpstart the economy. It will ask agencies which authorities they have to take action that would lead to putting people back to work, and that list should be sent to the OMB. "Typically when our country has faced a crisis, Washington responds by grabbing more power. President Trump understands that to get the economy moving, the power needs to be given back to the people and entrepreneur," Vought said. The order also relaxes compliance measures overall. Agencies will be told not to over-enforce regulations on small businesses and nonprofits that are doing the best they can. The Trump administration has used the pandemic to spur a deregulation campaign, notably removing regulations to and removing barriers to accelerate coronavirus vaccine or cure development. At the same time, Trump has also ruled back clean air and and enacted by the Obama administration.
https://www.foxnews.com/us/nj-gym-reopening-in-defiance-of-state-coronavirus-orders-draws-protesters-police|3 days ago|NJ gym reopens in defiance of state coronavirus orders, one man arrested|A man was arrested in connection with the reopening of a gym on Tuesday after the business began operating in defiance of Gov. 's closure order. At least one member of Atilis Gym was by Bellmawr police, while three others were stopped and questioned after leaving the premises, Erika Shych of News 12 . The man who was arrested reportedly refused to give his name to the authorities. Owners had previously told members that they must enter at their own risk and should consider themselves targets of law enforcement. State Police Superintendent Patrick Callahan said the Camden County Prosecutor's Office is also weighing additional charges against other members, to New Jersey 101.5. Fox News' Pete Hegseth had joined the gym's co-owner, Ian Smith, outside of Atilis on Monday as he and protesters to speak out against the government's lockdown orders. The crowd began chanting "USA" before Hegseth could even begin asking questions. “We made the decision to open,” Smith told him, as he donned an American flag-themed facial mak. "We will not stand down." Police later arrived on the scene to inform Smith he was in violation of the governor's orders, but allowed the reopening to continue and wished the protesters a "nice day" before leaving. "Governor Murphy has presented zero plans and I think my business partner and I have a plan to keep people safe," Smith told Hegseth. In a similar case earlier this month, Shelley Luther was sentenced to be jailed for defying a local stay-at-home order and opening up her business. She was later released after spending two days behind bars. As of Tuesday evening, New Jersey had over 149,000 confirmed cases of COVID-19 and over 10,500 deaths, to the state's department of health.
https://www.foxnews.com/us/dallas-salon-owner-backs-michigan-barber-who-had-license-suspended-calls-gov-whitmer-a-tyrant|3 days ago|Dallas salon owner backs Michigan barber who had license suspended, calls Gov. Whitmer ‘tyrant’|A salon owner – who was jailed for opening her shop during the outbreak – called a “tyrant” after traveling to the state in support of a barber who had his license suspended for defying “stay-at-home” orders. r arrived in Owosso, Mich., on Monday to back 77-year-old Karl Manke, as a symbol of resistance after reopening his barbershop despite Whitmer’s shutdown to curb the spread of COVID-19. Manke and Luther struck back at Whitmer during a press conference, calling on small business owners across the state to reopen. "Michigan — all of you business owners, you beauticians, you barbers, you massage therapists, all of you — open up your shops, stand up and show up," the 77-year-old barber said, according to the . Manke because money got tight. He refused to close, pledging to keep working until police arrest him or “Jesus walks in.” He was issued a cease-and-desist order and two misdemeanor citations that could result in fines totaling over $1,000, but he still refused to close. After a judge without first holding a hearing, state regulators opted Manke of his barber and shop licenses. “Stop being a tyrant," Luther said of Whitmer. “Open up. You don’t get this control. We control you. We have the power. “Gretchen, the state of Michigan will vote you out,” Luther declared. Luther, the owner of Salon a la Mode in Dallas, was sentenced to a week in jail for flouting public health orders intended to slow the spread of the coronavirus. She was released less than 48 hours later when Texas dropped jail as a possible punishment for violations. One of Luther's first customers after her release . Luther told the crowd that she reopened to pay bills, support her employees and offer much-needed services in a clean salon. She questioned why haircuts were banned while other services were allowed. "Why does your governor think that it's OK to open up for marijuana, liquor sales?” she asked. “Can't you get an abortion? But you cannot get your hair cut. What is wrong?" Whitmer has defended the business restrictions as an important way to stop the virus. On Monday, she announced plans to reopen bars and restaurants Friday in the Upper Peninsula and northern Lower Peninsula, which haven’t been hit as hard as the rest of Michigan. The governor has faced mounting criticism, including and , for her restrictions. Michigan reported at least 51,915 confirmed coronavirus cases and 4,915 deaths – the fourth-highest total in the nation – as of Monday, .
https://www.foxnews.com/health/new-york-doctor-dies-of-coronavirus-after-putting-off-retirement-to-help|3 days ago|New York doctor dies of coronavirus after putting off retirement to help|An esteemed New York doctor who delayed his retirement to help lead his hospital’s response to the pandemic has died after contracting the novel virus he worked so tirelessly to treat, according to multiple reports. Dr. James Mahoney, 62, worked as a pulmonary and critical care physician at University Hospital of Brooklyn during the day and Kings County Hospital Center at night. He died on April 27 after a battle with COVID-19. Shortly before the pandemic began, Mahoney had planned to scale back his hours in preparation for an eventual retirement, . But when the coronavirus crisis reached the U.S., with New York City soon becoming the nation’s epicenter, Mahoney began to work non-stop — pushing aside pleas from family and colleagues to retire, as they were concerned that his age could put him at a higher risk for severe illness when compared to his younger counterparts. “He was handling patients and codes [patients needing intensive intervention] every five to 10 minutes,” Purna Atluri, a gastroenterologist who worked with Mahoney for more than two decades, told the outlet. “He was doing everything he could.” In early April, he developed a fever and a cough, both of which are signs of a COVID-19 infection. He continued virtual appointments with patients, but his condition worsened around Easter. By April 20, Mahoney – who had trouble walking at this point – was admitted to the emergency room at University Hospital, experiencing difficulty breathing, The New York Times He was transported to NYU Langone's Tisch Hospital in New York City about a week later, where he died. Mahoney, who worked for nearly 40 years as a physician, was remembered by his colleagues for his smile, patience, caring spirit and professionalism. “He’s one of our legends — he’s one of our giants,” neurologist and one of Mahoney’s colleagues, Julien Cavanagh, told The Guardian.
https://www.foxnews.com/us/virginia-beach-weekend-crowd-northam-reopen-memorial-day|3 days ago|Northam ditches coronavirus restrictions for Virginia Beach after weekend sees crowds defy his orders|Under Gov. ’s eased restrictions in effect Friday, the state’s oceanfront was relegated to fishing and exercise only, and social distancing was required. But that didn't keep crowds away from Virginia Beach over the weekend as temperatures reached the high 70s. Sunbathers took to the sand, bikers peddled along the bustling boardwalk and newly reopened gift shops were crowded with customers buying hermit crabs and snow cones, reported. On Friday, Northam, a Democrat, gave the green light for houses of worship and some businesses to operate at 50 percent capacity. Outdoor dining – with different parties spaced 6 feet apart – resumed with some staff required to wear masks. But beaches were supposed to be closed for recreational activity. One photo captured by the newspaper showed people shoulder-to-shoulder on the Virginia Beach Fishing Pier on Saturday. The beach appeared busy in other photos, with sunbathers lying close to one another and boogie boarders hitting the waves. Following the weekend crowds, Northam announced during a press conference Monday that Virginia Beach would be allowed to reopen May 22 at the start of Memorial Day weekend, which normally kicks off the coast’s busy summer tourism season. The governor said that although Virginia Beach will join Phase One of his reopening plan on Friday, other beaches in the state would remain restricted to just exercise and fishing until at least Phase 2, reported. While recreational beach activity was cleared in Virginia Beach starting Friday, Northam warned visitors must adhere to social distancing and obey other measures banning group sports, speakers, alcohol, tents, groupings of umbrellas and fishing on sand beaches in the resort area. Parking will be capped at 50 percent capacity.
https://www.foxnews.com/lifestyle/florida-girl-2-adopted-zoom-foster-care-days|3 days ago|Florida girl, 2, adopted by family over Zoom after 700 days in foster care|One Florida is celebrating the adoption of the 2-year-old girl who has lived with them in foster care since she was 7 days old. As the local county courthouse remains closed during the , the toddler’s adoption hearing commenced over Zoom and was followed by a sweet by members of their foster care community. Little Isla was recently, formally adopted by foster parents Cayela and Evan Moody, who have cared for the toddler for over 700 days, reports. Surrounded by her mom, dad, four older siblings and another foster child in the family’s care, Isla became a Moody during a virtual adoption hearing conducted via Zoom by a judge from the Duval County Courthouse, per . Evan said that his family had “an immediate connection” to Isla after welcoming her into their home and life at just one week old. Though the Jacksonville couple submitted all the paperwork to adopt the little girl in February, the process was left in limbo when the coronavirus pandemic hit soon after. Fortunately, judicial officials have been able to continue with some proceedings through video chat, according to Action News Jax. On April 30, the family gathered in their living room for the emotional adoption court. Then, the judge electronically signed the finalization, declaring Isla’s adoption. As if the happy moment couldn’t get any sweeter, the Moody’s were greeted by a spirited car parade by members of their foster care community group Fostering Hope and other friends soon after, celebrating the good news, reports. "I thought we would plan a party to thank everyone who loved her after social distancing restrictions were limited," Cayela told the outlet. "But, I also knew that they truly wanted to be a part of the day." "Because Evan is in the military, we sadly do not have family close,” she continued. “So, the parade consisted of a lot of Fostering Hope members, other foster families we have walked alongside, and some of our church members as well.” As May is Foster Care Awareness Month, the proud mom hopes Isla’s story inspires others to open their hearts and minds to the opportunity. “Foster children need people that are willing to raise their hands and say, 'I can be forever,’” she said.
https://www.foxnews.com/lifestyle/swimming-pools-popular-coronavirus-travel-lockdowns|3 days ago|Swimming pools surge in popularity as travel and vacation concerns continue into summer months|One industry that isn’t underwater right now? The swimming pool industry. As Americans prepare for summer 2020, many are wondering what summer itself might look like. While the warmer months are traditionally the time for and trips to the beach, the pandemic is making plenty of people rethink their plans. That doesn’t mean that everyone plans on spending the next few months inside, however. There has been a surge in interest in home swimming pools, reports, likely due to uncertainty surrounding travel and the reopening of beaches and vacation destinations. This trend reportedly extends to everything from inexpensive inflatable pools to unique, high-end construction projects. Sabeena Hickman, the president and CEO of the Pool and Hut Tub Alliance, told the outlet that the 25 biggest pool builders in the alliance have seen a significant increase in consumer inquiries this spring over last. “With COVID, and the trepidation with travel, people are taking that money and investing it in a backyard pool,” Hickman told MarketWatch. “Most of the industry had shut down for a period of time. Now they’re saying their phones are ringing off the hook.” In terms of smaller, inflatable pools, Amazon has reported that sales of pools and pool-related products have nearly doubled this year compared to last April. High-end pool installers, meanwhile, are still facing certain hurdles. With the economy struggling, they’re unsure how long the demand for expensive installations will last. Also, MarketWatch reports that some companies have had trouble getting permits due to local government slowdowns, while others are having trouble finding enough construction personnel, both of which are results of the COVID-19 outbreak. According to the there is “no evidence that the virus that causes COVID-19 can be spread to people through water in pools, hot tubs, spas or water play areas." Many areas still have public pools closed, however, due to the possibility of large groups gathering.
https://www.foxnews.com/us/missing-ohio-teens-car-cell-phone-found-after-disappearance|3 days ago|Missing Ohio teen's car, cell phone found after disappearance|police were searching for a young woman who hasn’t been seen since leaving home Sunday to go to a tanning salon that was allowed to reopen after the easing of statewide coronavirus lockdown measures. “She yelled, ‘I’m going to go tan. I’ll be right back.’ and I was like, ‘Okay, be careful,’ 18-year-old Madison Bell’s mother told . “She left and I haven’t heard from her since." The was in Greenfield, and Madison never kept her appointment. Melissa Bell looked for her daughter and found her car a short distance from the tanning salon in a church parking lot. Madison Bell's keys were in the ignition and her cell phone was in the car. “Whoever has her, bring her home to her family," the mother told the station. "This is not right. You don’t take her and not bring her home. She needs to be back home where she’s safe.” The Highland County Sheriff’s office said they are looking for a white car with possible California tags, according to the station. Bell goes to school and was in her senior year, her mother said. The station said the parking lot where her car was found was being considered a crime scene. Tanning salons were shuttered under Ohio’s coronavirus lockdown order but allowed to reopen on May 15, along with other businesses.
https://www.foxnews.com/opinion/coronavirus-lockdown-casualties-deaths-despair-larry-elder|3 days ago|Larry Elder: Coronavirus lockdown casualties – 'despair' may cause more damage than COVID-19|Get all the latest news on coronavirus and more delivered daily to your inbox. . As of this writing, more than 80,000 Americans have contracted and died from the . But how many have or will die from what some call " "? Consider the following call to my radio show: "Hi, Larry. I was calling about people who have called suicide hotlines and different things with this loss of income. I am a widow of somebody who did commit suicide because of income. It was not now, during the , but it was because of dwindling income and hopelessness, which he hid from me. "I had no idea this was going on in his business life. And I came home from work one day and found him hanging in the garage. He did leave a note about the different debts and things like that, but financial problems are a horrible thing – just a horrible thing that's worse than the virus." No doubt going back to work increases a person's chances of exposure to the COVID-19 virus. More will contract the virus and die from it than would have been the case under continued lockdowns. But this, of course, is not the full picture. A new report, "Projected Deaths of Despair During the Coronavirus Recession," suggests as many as 75,000 Americans could die from "despair" due to unemployment, depression from isolation, and fear of the indefinite and uncertain nature of the pandemic. One of the study's authors, Benjamin Miller, chief strategy officer for Well Being Trust in Oakland, Calif., said: "Deaths of despair are tied to multiple factors, like unemployment, fear and dread, and isolation. Prior to the COVID-19 pandemic, there were already an unprecedented number of deaths of despair. We wanted to estimate how this pandemic would change that number moving forward." The study estimates that there could be 75,000 coronavirus-related "deaths of despair" from drug or alcohol abuse and suicide. Miller explained, "The isolation is causing people to lose boundaries on their behaviors. ... People have to be working and we have to get people connected to other people." About the study, Dr. Elie Aoun, vice chairman of the American Psychiatric Association's Council on Addiction Psychiatry, said: "I've been seeing this in practices and my colleagues have been talking about it, too. ... Addiction patients are relapsing, and a lot of patients who don't have drug use or alcohol problems are drinking more now, sometimes every day from 4 or 5 p.m., and they don't stop until they sleep." Earlier this year, I wrote about the connection between suicide and unemployment. A British journal, The Lancet Psychiatry, published a study associating worldwide suicides to unemployment. "Our findings reveal that the suicide rate increases six months before a rise in unemployment," said study author Carlos Nordt. "Our data suggest that not all job losses necessarily have an equal impact, as the effect on suicide risk appears to be stronger in countries where being out of work is uncommon." The study said that between 2000 and 2011, there were an estimated 233,000 suicides in 63 countries, and that the number increased during the last recession: "While the number of unemployment-related suicides increased by about 5,000 during the recent economic crisis in 2008, this analysis shows the risk of suicide among jobless people is high even in good economic times." Unemployment stands at 14.7 percent, with over 20 million Americans in April filing for unemployment. The number of unemployed Americans is likely understated. Betsey Stevenson, former member of the Council of Economic Advisers as well as the chief economist of the U.S. Department of Labor, says due to an incorrect classification of "people who were employed (but) absent from work due to COVID-related reasons as temporarily unemployed," the actual number of unemployed is likely over 20 percent. A new ESPN documentary about the Chicago Bulls' last championship season describes how Michael Jordan broke his foot early in his pro career, during the third game of the 1985-86 season. Defying his doctors' expectations, the foot healed faster than expected, and Jordan itched to return to the court despite team owner Jerry Reinsdorf's fear not only that Jordan could reinjure the foot but that such a reinjury could end his career. Reinsdorf said to Jordan, "If you had a terrible headache, and I gave you a bottle of pills, and nine of the pills would cure you and one of the pills would kill you, would you take a pill?" Jordan responded, "It depends on how bad the f---ing headache is." America's economic headache from the coronavirus stay-at-home orders is f---ing bad.
https://www.foxnews.com/world/more-than-100-million-people-in-china-face-new-lockdown-as-second-wave-of-covid-19-cases-emerge|3 days ago|More than 100 million people in China face new lockdown as second wave of COVID-19 cases emerge|Nearly 108 million people in could be forced back into lockdown after a growing group of infections triggered a backslide in the nation's push to return to normal. The abrupt reversal in China's northeast region has once again cut off public transportation, closed schools and led to another round of quarantine. Fan Pai, who works at a trading company in the nearby province of Liaoning, that people are starting to feel "more cautious" again. "Children playing outside are wearing masks again," she said. "It's frustrating because you don't know when it will end." The new clusters of coronavirus cases have also ignited everyone's worst fear that a second wave of the deadly disease could be on the horizon. Wuhan, the Chinese city where the novel coronavirus was first reported in 2019, also saw new cases emerge last week, though neither the cases in Jilin or Wuhan have been as severe as the original outbreak. Over the weekend, Jilin reported 120 new cases. Chinese officials initially pinned the contagion's re-entry on Russia, but admitted local transmission also occurred. How China handles its second wave of coronavirus likely will serve as a template for other countries. The problem, some say, is that China's record of being less than truthful makes it almost impossible to believe its reported figures and response. China has been at the center of controversy after being repeatedly accused of sitting on vital, lifesaving information about the severity of the coronavirus. In recent weeks, the country hasn't done much to improve its image, aggressively going after its own trading partners who have called for an independent investigation into the origins of the virus. On Monday, Beijing imposed an 80.5 percent tariff on Australian beef barely a week after from the country after officials publicly backed a probe. China also went after Taiwan, trying to silence its doctors and experts by locking them out of a seat at the World Health Assembly, the annual summit. Taiwan's doctors were the first to warn the world about human-to-human transmission. On Monday at the WHA, the European Union's 27-member bloc called for the independent evaluation to "review experiences gained and lessons learned" but China shot down the request, arguing Beijing had provided all relevant data to the WHO and other countries "in a most timely fashion." "The work should be based on science and professionalism led by the WHO and conducted in an objective and impartial manner," Chinese President Xi Jinping said. "We must strengthen global governance in public health." As of Tuesday, the killer contagion had infected more than 4.8 million people and claimed more than 319,000 lives worldwide. China's handling of the pandemic as well as its cozy relationship with the WHO have been criticized by President Trump as well as Secretary of State Mike Pompeo and several bipartisan lawmakers. Multiple intelligence reports also claimed China misled the world by purposely underreporting its numbers of patients and deaths. In a classified report sent to the White House more than a month ago, intelligence officials said China's public record of COVID-19 infections was deliberately deceptive and incomplete. In April, Trump suspended funding to the WHO and called the medical arm of the United Nations "China-centric." He claimed it had put "political correctness over lifesaving measures." However, the administration is on the brink of , "Tucker Carlson Tonight" recently reported. U.S. Secretary of Health and Human Services Alex Azar II said Monday that the U.S. "supports an independent review of every aspect of WHO's response to the pandemic." "We must be frank about one of the primary reasons this outbreak spun out of control: There was a failure by this organization to obtain the information that the world needed, and that failure cost many lives," he added. And without naming names, he said, "In an apparent attempt to conceal this outbreak, at least one member state made a mockery of their transparency obligations, with tremendous costs for the entire world. We saw that WHO failed at its core mission of information sharing and transparency when member states do not act in good faith."
https://www.foxnews.com/us/coronavirus-pandemic-college-football-recruiting-toll|3 days ago|Coronavirus pandemic takes its toll on recruiting for college football hopefuls|MOUNT DORA, Fla. — Although his high school's and athletic facilities are closed, Tyquan Wiggins has been keeping busy throughout the outbreak. A rising senior at who plays both and , Wiggins makes it a point to get his workouts in every day — despite the sweltering heat. On the football field, he plays quarterback. While he has a big arm and can hurl the pigskin 65-70 yards, it’s his big dreams that he’s most eager to talk about. “To make it to the league!” said Wiggins with a big smile. “That’s everything you’ve been working for your whole life. Since you were a little kid to an adult. [To] make the NFL.” The next step on Wiggins’ journey is college, and , Florida is known as one of the most talent-rich states. A 2017 study conducted by the NCAA found that 9.9 percent of Florida high school players will be recruited by Division I programs — a higher percentage than any other state. Kolby Tackett, head coach at Mount Dora Christian Academy, says things begin to heat up in the spring. “Normally coaches will come in in January or February depending on how that recruiting calendar is set up and they basically ask for your prospects," Tackett told Fox News. "You kind of give them a list of the kids you think they’re looking for, and then they come back in Spring football — that Spring evaluation period — and they evaluate their players. That’s when a lot of your kids get a lot of that exposure.” But this year, things are different. Due to the COVID-19 outbreak, the spring season is canceled, the recruiting camps are on hold, and the scouts are staying home. The result is that some high school players are no longer getting the looks they need or warranted. “You hate it for the kids,” said Tackett. “That’s the worst part is that they’re working hard and they’re not getting the chance to showcase themselves in front of these colleges.” Wiggins falls into that category. Tackett claims that a number of schools were showing interest throughout January and February, including some big-name programs. They all intended to evaluate Wiggins in person sometime in the spring. But that is no longer the case. As things stand, Wiggins has yet to receive a single college football scholarship — something he needs in order to continue his dream to the next level. “It’s kind of heartbreaking,” said Wiggins. “I need it bad. It’s what I’ve been working for.” Mike Farrell, the national recruiting director for , says both recruits and coaches are wading through the uncertainty surrounding the coronavirus pandemic. Some coaches are keeping in touch with recruits remotely and providing them with virtual tours to showcase what their campus has to offer. But, when it comes to offering a scholarship, an in-person evaluation is still critical. “Without that ability [to perform in person] it’s all film,” explained Farrell. “Film evaluation is useful certainly, but it’s really hard to take a shot on a kid based on film when you haven’t eyeballed him and seen him in person and tested him the way you want to test him.” Farrell believes the blue-chip talents will be fine since coaches have had their eyes on them for years. But the players with less exposure, who were relying on the spring to impress college coaches, could be impacted. “There have been many stories of coaches going to see a highly rated prospect and noticing the quarterback throwing the ball or a lineman who is 6’7" but a bit thin — just guys who need to work on certain things but definitely catch your eye," he said. "That’s definitely not going to happen. “It’s definitely going to impact a lot of kids. I think you’re going to see a ton of talented kids end up at some smaller FBS schools,” said Farrell, adding that he believes the NFL Draft in three to four years could be filled with underrecruited players who panned out at some of those smaller programs. On the other side of the coin, some teams are actually filling up their recruiting boards more quickly this year. Farrell says some players are verbally committing to schools that they’ve never even visited and chalked this up to the swirling uncertainty stemming from the pandemic. “[Recruits] get restless,” explained Farrell. “They get worried that their opportunity will pass them by if they don’t commit early. What this is going to lead to is if and when kids can start taking visits to colleges again, it’s going to lead to a rash of de-commitments like we’ve never seen before.” For Wiggins, those conversations are still down the road. His focus right now is improving every day, returning to the gridiron this fall, and winning a state championship. In his heart, he believes everything will work out. “[Just] control the controllable,” said Wiggins. “You know you’re going to get another shot at it. So, if you ball, you’re going to get the call.”
https://video.foxnews.com/v/6157775517001/|__clean_error__|__clean_error__|
https://www.foxnews.com/health/some-new-york-hospitals-to-allow-visitors-under-2-week-pilot-program-cuomo-says|3 days ago|Some New York hospitals to allow visitors under 2-week pilot program, Cuomo says|Limited visitors will be allowed at 16 hospitals in New York under a new two-week pilot program that was announced by Gov. Andrew Cuomo on Tuesday. It was not immediately clear if visitors will be allowed across all wards in the hospitals, but they will be subject to symptom and temperature checks before entering, and issued mandatory personal protective equipment to be worn once inside. The 16 hospitals include locations in Nassau, Suffolk, Manhattan, Bronx, Brooklyn, Queens, Erie, Onondaga, Westchester, Otsego, and Albany. He said the program was developed in coordination with the Greater New York Hospital Association (GNYHA) and the Healthcare Association of New York State (HANYS). “This is getting visitors back into hospitals with the right precaution, with the right equipment, but it is terrible to have someone in the hospital, and then that person is isolated, not being able to see their family and friends,” Cuomo said. “I understand the health reasons for that, we were afraid of the virus spread, but this is a pilot project to see if we can bring visitors in and do it safely.” He also announced that Long Island's Nassau County would be eligible to resume elective surgeries. New York banned most except for a support person for labor and delivery patients and a support person for pediatric patients. According to the state’s department of health, exceptions were also made when they were deemed medically necessary or essential to the care of the patient, or for family members or legal representatives of patients in imminent end-of-life situations. Dozens of others followed suit, leading to staff nationwide to facilitate video calls and other technological measures for patients who were hospitalized alone. In many instances, health care workers replaced relatives who could not be with loved ones during their final moments. New York has seen over 350,000 cases of coronavirus, with more than 22,600 deaths. The state’s nursing homes have been hit particularly hard, as over a policy that required facilities to accept patients infected with COVID-19 after they were discharged from the hospitals but were still recovering and in need of care. Critics say the policy exposed an already-vulnerable population to the virus and overwhelmed an already-strained system. The state, along with New Jersey, which has the second-highest death toll in the U.S., also allowed health care workers at long-term care facilities who tested positive for the virus to , even without a second test to ensure the infection had cleared. Cuomo has since revised the policy and New York now requires all workers at care homes be tested twice per week.
https://www.foxnews.com/us/bay-area-goes-two-days-without-coronavirus-deaths-first-time-since-march|3 days ago|Bay Area goes two days without coronavirus deaths, first time since March|For the first time since March, the has reported zero for two consecutive days. As of Sunday, the death toll for the Bay Area’s nine counties remained at 390, the , citing health officials. The Bay Area has not gone a day without a virus-related death since March 21. It has not gone two consecutive days without coronavirus-related deaths since March 12. California Gov. Gavin Newsom issued a mandatory for the state’s nearly 40 million residents on March 19. The Bay Area’s reached a peak of 20 deaths on April 22. In the last two weeks, it has recorded just one double-digit total. Health officials on Sunday reported some 196 new coronavirus cases in the Bay Area – the largest spike since earlier this month. The drop in deaths come amid an overall easing of lockdown measures, aimed at curbing the spread of the virus. In a public announcement Monday, Newsom outlined for allowing most of the state’s 58 counties to begin allowing dining in restaurants and other services. As of Tuesday, coronavirus cases in California stood at around 78,839 with some 3,261 deaths.
https://www.foxnews.com/world/wuhan-writers-diary-of-life-during-coronavirus-angered-china-translated-to-english|3 days ago|Wuhan writer’s diary of life during coronavirus angers China, translated to English|A diary written by a author living in Wuhan in the early days of the outbreak gives a glimpse inside the city where the pandemic emerged – and local authorities aren't happy. Fang Fang, a 65-year-old award-winning author whose real name is Wang Fang, began publishing online diaries of her experience as early as January. Weibo, a Chinese social media website, became her platform and her popularity grew as Wuhan was cut off from the world. In her entries, she wrote about the challenges of daily life and the physiological impact of forced isolation, the reported. Eventually, her words reached outside of China and have since been translated into English. Publisher said Wang “gave voice to the fears, frustrations, anger, and hope of millions of her fellow citizens.” She “speaks out against social injustice, abuse of power, and other problems which impede the response to the epidemic and gets herself embroiled in online controversies because of it,” the publisher said. Her popularity attracted the attention of Chinese authorities, who have attempted to control information about what actually happened within its borders. A piece by the Global Times, which is supported by the Chinese government, attacked Wang, saying she “might have become just another handy tool for the West to sabotage Chinese people’s efforts.” “Her diary only exposes the dark side in Wuhan while ignoring the efforts that local people made and the support extended across the nation,” the piece continued. The book was made available Friday.
https://www.foxnews.com/entertainment/john-krasinski-chokes-up-during-some-good-news-finale|3 days ago|John Krasinski chokes up during 'Some Good News' finale: 'There is always good in the world'|bid an emotional farewell on the final episode of his YouTube series " ." “ ” star, 40, got choked up as he thanked millions of viewers for tuning in every week to his new channel, which he started in March when the quarantine began. “Well, on a very personal note, I can tell you that I will never be able to properly articulate just how much this show has meant to me and what a tremendous honor it has been to share in all of it with you,” Krasinski said on Sunday. “Because, the truth is, I have been so blown away by the messages I have received saying how joyful this show makes you, how uplifted and inspired you all can be, but I assure you, all the pleasure and all the inspiration has been mine.” The "Jack Ryan" actor added, “I told you from the very first episode, I only deliver the good news. You are the good news. And that’s why every single week if you can look through the goofy guy wearing half a suit, you’d see what resilience really looks like. What unbroken really means. And through witnessing every simple act of kindness and generosity, you would see what the true definition of good really is.” “For this episode of ‘SGN,’ I’m John Krasinski no longer needing to remind you that no matter how hard things get, there is always good in the world. Thank you all for making this show so very special. We will see you again.” In its various episodes, “Some Good News” shined a light on the front-line and medical workers around the country. It also reunited "The Office" and "Hamilton" casts for good causes. Krasinski even DJ'd a virtual prom for students who had theirs canceled and collected some of his famous friends to give commencement speeches for all the 2020 graduating classes.
https://www.foxnews.com/politics/pence-says-hes-not-taking-hydroxychloroquine|3 days ago|Pence says he's not taking hydroxychloroquine|Vice President told Fox News Tuesday that he -- unlike President Trump -- is not as part of an effort to stave off coronavirus. “My physician hasn’t recommended that, but I wouldn’t hesitate” to take it if he did recommend it, Pence added. Pence gave the interview following a meeting of the National Space Council at NASA’s headquarters, before next week’s SpaceX launch of American astronauts from American soil. "Hydroxychloroquine is a drug that's been around for more than 40 years for the treatment of malaria but early in this process, the FDA approved what's called off-label use that physicians could prescribe hydroxychloroquine and terms that they deemed appropriate," the vice president continued. "I've heard anecdotal stories of Americans who've taken hydroxychloroquine in the midst of the coronavirus and, and, and sense that it made a real difference for them." Pence also pointed to the administration's quick work to get remdesivir, another drug being used in trials to treat coronavirus, to all 50 states. President Trump Tuesday that he is taking the anti-malaria drug to try to prevent catching coronavirus. “I'm taking it – hydroxychloroquine," Trump said. "I think it's good. I've heard a lot of good stories. And, if it's not good, I'll tell you right, I'm not going to get hurt by it." The president added that he consulted with the White House physician before starting to take the drug. Dr. Sean Conley, the president's physician, announced in a statement Monday night, "After numerous discussions he and I had about regarding the evidence for and against the use of hydroxychloroquine, we concluded the potential benefit from treatment outweighed the relative risks." Trump has long touted the potential benefits of the drug to treating Covid-19, but its effectiveness has not been determined: The Food and Drug Administration warned health professionals last month that the drug should not be used to treat COVID-19 outside of hospital or research settings.
https://www.foxnews.com/health/yoga-could-help-coronavirus-induced-depression-study-finds|3 days ago|Yoga could help coronavirus-induced depression, study finds|Long after the pandemic is declared over, another health plight could take its place: a mental health crisis, . But according to a new study, practicing yoga may help to offset the blues, at least somewhat. Researchers with the University of South Australia, in a partnership with the Federal University of Santa Maria, UNSW Sydney, Kings College London, and Western Sydney University, conducted what is said to be the first “world study” on the mental health benefits of practicing yoga. In a meta-analysis of 180 studies across six countries that involved some 1,080 participants — all of whom had a “formal diagnosis of a mental disorder, including depression and anxiety,” on the findings — researchers found that the participants’ mental health improved with “movement-based yoga,” with the benefits “being incremental with the amount of yoga they practiced,” they said. Movement-based yoga was defined by the researchers as “any form of yoga where participants are physically active at least 50 [percent] of the time, that is forms of yoga that emphasize holding poses and flowing through sequences of poses,” as per the news release. “As self-isolation escalates and people find themselves working from home and unable to physically catch up with their friends and family, we’re likely to see more people feel lonely and disconnected,” said lead researcher and University of South Australia Ph.D. candidate Jacinta Brinsley, in a statement. “Exercise has always been a great strategy for people struggling with these feelings as it boosts both mood and health. But as gyms and exercise classes of all kinds are now closed – even jogging with a friend is strongly discouraged – people are looking for alternatives, and this is where yoga can help.” “Our research shows that movement-based yoga improved symptoms of depression (or improved mental health) for people living with a range of mental health conditions, including anxiety, post-traumatic stress and major depression. So, it’s very good news for people struggling in times of uncertainty,” Brinsley added. The study was published in the .
https://www.foxnews.com/media/restaurant-exec-calls-for-unique-specific-relief-fund-for-the-industry|3 days ago|Restaurant exec who met with Trump calls for 'unique, specific' relief fund for the industry|of the told “ ” on Tuesday that the industry needs “a unique, specific fund" that is available just to restaurants. “Last month alone, more than one out of four people that filed for unemployment were restaurant workers,” Guidara said. “We are in a really tough spot and we need support to get back on track.” Guidara made the comments one day after he and other restaurant executives pushed President Trump to make fixes in the $660 billion small-business aid program that was enacted amid the pandemic to allow them to get their businesses running again and rehire workers. Executives from fast food eateries to Michelin-starred restaurants pressed Trump during a to move to change the rules of the so that they have more time to spend the money from their loans in rehiring employees. “We’re asking to have 24 weeks to spend the money, not eight weeks,” Guidara said, stressing that “restaurants are different than a lot of other businesses that are participating in that program.” Guidara, whose group represents 11 million restaurant workers across the country, noted that most restaurants are not currently open "and so we don't have the ability to hire everyone back.” The PPP promises a business owner loan forgiveness if they they let go when the coronavirus pandemic forced businesses to temporarily close their doors in an effort to slow the spread. For the loans to be forgiven, companies must spend 75 percent on payroll within eight weeks of receiving the money. The other 25 percent can go to rent, utilities and mortgage payments. “Taking those funds without knowing for sure that they are going to be forgiven is not a good thing for restaurants,” Guidara said. “We can’t afford more debt on our balance sheets.” Guidara, the co-founder of some of New York City’s top restaurants, participated in the roundtable at the White House on Monday and said that he thinks the president “seemed extraordinarily receptive” to his ideas. “PPP was available to small businesses across America, and for many it was an extraordinary program, but the reality is restaurants are more uniquely affected by this than most other industries,” Guidara said. He then explained that a “unique, specific fund of money” for restaurants is needed because that industry is “predicated entirely on social gathering” and most independent restaurants across America don't have access to capital. “The way I think about it is that the PPP is like the first half of the bridge and we need funds put into either a stabilization plan or some sort of grant program so that we can build the second half of that bridge,” Guidara said. He explained that it could be similar to the funding as part of the massive $2 trillion recovery package Congress passed in March. Trump has been calling for Congress to approve tax deductibility for corporations spending money at restaurants and for a break in payroll taxes as ways to save ailing restaurants, but executives jointly agreed on Monday that the fixes in the PPP were more important than deductibility and doing away with payroll taxes.
https://www.foxnews.com/politics/mnuchin-says-employees-who-reject-offer-to-return-to-work-are-ineligible-for-unemployment-benefits|3 days ago|Mnuchin says employees who reject offer to return to work are ineligible for unemployment benefits|Treasury Secretary warned on Tuesday that individuals who from their company to return to work after being laid off due to coronavirus are no longer considered eligible to receive federal unemployment benefits. Mnuchin said that companies receiving benefits under the Payroll Protection Program who are inviting employees who had been laid off or furloughed due to the coronavirus crisis should plan to notify state unemployment offices of their offers. If the employee, in turn, turns down the job, they would then be considered ineligible to receive expanded unemployment benefits. “If you offer a person a job..and that person does not take the job..then that person would not be allowed to get unemployment,” Mnuchin said Tuesday. Mnuchin’s comments come as Republican lawmakers have ramped up warnings that the recent boost in jobless benefits amid COVID-19 will “push unemployment higher,” as many individuals are able to collect more money through the unemployment programs than they made while on the job. Under the “Phase 3” economic stimulus package passed in March, also known as the CARES Act, Congress provided $250 billion to extend unemployment insurance to more workers, and lengthen the duration to 39 weeks, up from the normal 26 weeks. The provision allowed for an to be provided a week for four months to those losing their jobs amid the crisis. The Wall Street Journal reported last month that about half of U.S. workers can earn more with these jobless benefits than they did while working -- a factor that could hurt efforts by some businesses to reopen. The CARES Act included a new “Pandemic Unemployment Assistance” program, which extends unemployment benefits to self-employed, independent contractors, those with limited work history, and other individuals not traditionally eligible for unemployment benefits who are unable to work as a direct result of COVID-19. The stimulus package also provided an additional 13 weeks of unemployment compensation to individuals who have exhausted their regular unemployment benefits, as well as a supplemental payment of $600 per week for up to four months. The average state already gives out $463 per week in unemployment benefits. When combined with the new $600 per week, the average unemployed individual can collect $1,063 per week—the equivalent of more than $26 an hour, or $55,000 per year. Unemployment benefits traditionally require a worker to be laid off to collect benefits, and so many people are not yet aware that the relief bill allows a person to quit and still collect as long as they “self-certify” that they had to quit because of the coronavirus situation. The relief bill says that staying home to be the primary caretaker of children who are out of school counts as one automatically valid reason. And while traditional unemployment benefits pay out based on an employee’s previous income, the new benefits pay a flat $600 extra per week even if a worker’s previous job paid less. The generous payments are temporary, however. They are scheduled to last for four months, ending July 31. But Democrats included an extension to that date in their “Phase 4” legislation which passed last week. The bill extends unemployment benefits of $600 payments, in addition to state benefits, through January 2021. Meanwhile, the inspector general for the Department of Labor said last month that it had “significant concerns” about the “unprecedented demand” for unemployment benefits amid the crisis, highlighting issues related to state preparedness and the risk of fraud among those receiving relief. The inspector general noted that the risk of fraud and improper payments is “even higher” under the new Pandemic Unemployment Assistance program because claimants “can self-certify” their unemployment qualifications. The inspector general urged the Department of Labor to establish methods to detect fraud and recover those improper payments.
https://www.foxnews.com/health/does-previous-common-cold-offer-coronavirus-protection-researchers-find-possible-evidence|3 days ago|Does previous common cold offer coronavirus protection? Researchers find possible evidence|Researchers investigating what may determine whether a vaccine candidate proves successful say they have found evidence that suggests previous exposure to a coronavirus, like one that causes the common cold, could possibly provide some form of protective immunity against COVID-19. The team, studied a group of 20 adults who had successfully recovered from COVID-19 and found that the body’s immune system is able to recognize SARS-CoV-2 “in many ways,” according to their research, which was published in “If we had seen only marginal immune responses, we would have been concerned,” Dr. Alessandro Sette, one of the lead authors, “But what we see is a very robust T cell response against the spike protein, which is the target of most ongoing COVID-19 efforts, as well as other vital proteins. These findings are really good news for vaccine development.” The team tested whether the T cells isolated in patients who had recovered without suffering major complications were able to recognize protein fragments from the virus. They found that almost all patients had developed a T cell response that helps antibody production. “We specifically chose to study people who had a normal disease course and didn’t require hospitalization to provide a solid benchmark for what a normal immune response looks like since the virus can do some very unusual things in people,” Sette said, Sette said the results provide researchers with a base to compare immune system responses in people who have severe outcomes versus those who are asymptomatic or can recover at home. It also, Sette said, provides them with a baseline for determining whether the immune response in people who receive a vaccine resembles what you would see in a protective immune system response to COVID-19. What’s more, they wrote, is that they looked at T cell response in blood samples that were collected between 2015 and 2018, which is before SARS-CoV-2 was discovered, and saw that many also contained significant reactivity against the virus despite not having previous exposure. The researchers say this may be caused by exposure to one of the other coronaviruses, like those that cause the common cold. “Given the severity of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, any degree of cross-reactive coronavirus immunity could have a very substantial impact on the overall course of the pandemic and is a key detail to consider for epidemiologists as they try to scope out how severely COVID-19 will affect communities in the coming months,” Dr. Shane Crotty, another study author, The authors acknowledged that a lack of detailed information regarding common cold history or matched blood samples pre-exposure to SARS-CoV-2 “prevents conclusions regarding the abundance of cross-reactive coronavirus T cells before exposure to SARS-CoV-2 and any potential protective efficacy of such cells.”
https://www.foxnews.com/opinion/coronavirus-education-jerry-falwell-right-reopening-william-mcgurn|3 days ago|William McGurn: Coronavirus education — Jerry Falwell Jr. got this right|How it must hurt to have to admit: Jerry Falwell Jr. was right. No doubt this explains why we’re not reading stories about how the president of Liberty University kept his Lynchburg, Va., campus open while keeping his community safe from COVID-19. The doomsday predicted when Falwell announced Liberty students would return after spring break never came to pass. On March 16, three days after that announcement, Falwell had to abandon his plans for in-person classes when Virginia Gov. Ralph Northam banned gatherings of more than 100 people. So Liberty moved its classes online. Thanks to long experience with such instruction — Liberty already had 100,000 online students — the move wasn’t as wrenching as it was for others. Meanwhile, students could still come back to campus if they chose, and about 1,200 of them did. From the reaction, you would have thought returning to Liberty was a death sentence. An emergency-room physician told the Daily Beast, “If Liberty University reopens, people will die.”
https://video.foxnews.com/v/6157755919001/|__clean_error__|__clean_error__|
https://www.foxnews.com/us/texas-county-tests-zoom-trial|3 days ago|Texas county tests Zoom trial--only for juror to take phone call and walk off screen|A Texas county that is breaking ground by holding a jury trial over Zoom during the pandemic hit a snag when one of the prospective jurors walked off screen to take a phone call. The incident unfolded Monday during an insurance case that was being heard in . It was also live streamed on . During the jury selection process, 470th District Judge Emily Miskel created three Zoom videoconferencing rooms – one where attorneys could question a group of prospective jurors, a second for those awaiting questioning and a third where Miskel could speak to the lawyers privately. After conferring with the attorneys during a break, Miskel returned to one of the rooms only to find that a candidate had walked off-screen. He was heard talking on his phone. When the juror was called to return, they got no answer as his computer audio was being transmitted through a pair of headphones he wasn’t wearing, . Eventually, the individual returned, and another judge was able to dismiss around half of the eligible 26-person pool. “For centuries, if you had jury duty, you have to go to the courthouse,” Senior Judge Keith Dean told Law.com. “In this case, the courthouse has come to you." Texas Supreme Court Justice Nathan Hecht said: “You can’t drag people down to the courthouse and make them sit together for days at a time. It’s just too dangerous.” The one-day trial was a so-called summary jury trial, in which jurors hear a condensed version of a case and deliver a non-binding verdict, according to . The parties will now sit down for mediation and try to negotiate a settlement Tuesday, after seeing how their case could potentially fare before a jury in a normal fully-blown trial.
https://www.foxnews.com/entertainment/brad-pitt-message-missouri-state-university-grads|3 days ago|Brad Pitt sends special message to Missouri State University grads: 'We're rooting for you'|is sending his support to the . The Academy Award-winning actor offered a few encouraging words to the graduating class from Missouri State University located in Sprinfield, the city he grew up in. "Hi everyone, Brad here from quarantine with a shout-out to the graduating class of Missouri State University!" Pitt, 56, said in a video message. "It must be very strange doing this in these trying times, but know we're rooting for you. Our money's on you to make this world a better place. And we wish you all the best in your future endeavors," he added. "You did it, you made it!" Pitt applauded. "Enjoy, congrats again, and think big!" While Pitt has been in isolation, he's taken on a hilarious new role playing on " ." For a recent sketch, Pitt, wore a suit, glasses, and a grey wig as he sat at a desk in front of a bookshelf. "Good evening, I'm Dr. Anthony Fauci," Pitt began. "First, I'd like to thank all the older women in America who have sent me supportive, inspiring, and sometimes graphic emails." Pitt's Fauci then addressed the "misinformation out there about the virus" and the "liberties" taken by the president in regard to recent guidelines. "Tonight, I would like to explain what the president was trying to say," said Pitt in reference to President Trump's recent remarks concerning the coronavirus. "And remember, let's all keep an open mind."
https://www.foxnews.com/world/coronavirus-lockdown-hits-polygamist-men-in-kuwait-struggling-to-see-all-wives|3 days ago|Coronavirus lockdown hits polygamist men in Kuwait struggling to see all wives|The pandemic is hampering the lives of living in , as they struggle to spend time with their wives in separate homes. The Gulf state has implemented a nationwide “total” lockdown until May 30 to combat the spread of COVID-19. The order suspends all but essential private and public sector activities, and imposes a curfew monitoring the time residents are allowed outside, reported. Under the guidelines, residents are allowed to shop for food only once every six days, after electronically obtaining official permission, and can only go outside for two-hour evening walks. Residents must wear face masks outside their homes and those breaking any of the rules face up to three months in prison or a $16,000 fine. For thousands of Kuwaiti men who are polygamists, the lockdown measures mean they must stick mostly to one household. “My life has become so complicated,” Abu Othman, who has 10 children between two wives, told AFP. “I am constantly on the move between them.” Othman’s wives live in separate homes in Al-Jahra, an area about 25 miles west of Kuwait City. Traditional Islamic jurisprudence allows Muslim men to marry more than one woman – a custom initially meant to ensure the welfare of widows and orphans, AFP reported. A strict requirement is that men treat all their wives equally and fairly. The Gulf state had one of the highest rates of polygamy in the region between 2010 and 2015, with more than 8 percent of marriages, a study by the Doha International Family Institute showed. In response to appeals by the hundreds of polygamists in Kuwait, authorities on Sunday introduced electronic permits to married men with multiple wives that will allow for one-hour visits twice a week. According to AFP, Kuwait’s Islamic scholars have attempted to clarify marriage rules amid the lockdown. Ahmad al-Kurdi, a member of the Fatwa Committee at Kuwait's Ministry of Awqaf and Islamic Affairs, told Kuwait's Al-Rai newspaper that a polygamist who is forced to live at one of his wife’s homes must give the other – or others – the choice of accepting it or agreeing to a divorce. Meanwhile, Issa Zeki, another committee member, told the newspaper that a man can “make it up” to his other wives by spending more nights at their homes once the restrictions are lifted. Kuwait has recorded more than 16,000 positive coronavirus cases and at least 121 deaths attributed to the virus.
https://www.foxnews.com/health/cdc-plans-nationwide-coronavirus-antibody-study-exclusive|3 days ago|CDC plans nationwide coronavirus antibody study, report says|The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention plans to launch a nationwide study involving more than 300,000 people to track coronavirus spread, according to an with a CDC spokeswoman and researchers involved in the effort. The study is expected to begin in June or July, according to Dr. Michael Busch, director of nonprofit Vitalant Research institute. He said the study will test blood samples from 1,000 donors in each of 25 metropolitan areas for coronavirus antibodies. The study “is indicative of how leaders across the federal government are working collaboratively with partners in academia and in blood donation and testing industries” to monitor the coronavirus, Kristen Nordlund, CDC spokeswoman, told Reuters. An antibody is a protein made by plasma cells in response to infection and is a sign of the body's attempt to fight the virus. , not yet peer-reviewed, has shown most patients infected with coronavirus will make antibodies despite age, gender or how badly they were infected. In a “preliminary version” of the CDC study, Busch will lead efforts in testing the first 36,000 samples. This version is funded by the National Heart, Lung and Blood Institute, according to Reuters. The CDC-funded portion will be formally announced this week, and will broaden the study’s scope and time frame by testing samples over 18 months to learn how antibodies evolve over time, according to Nordlund. Vitalent is said to lead the extended study as well. While , the CDC study aims to determine whether “the immune response to COVID wanes over time,” according to Reuters, The CDC study will reportedly sample blood from 1,000 donors in each of the 25 metropolitan areas monthly for 12 months. At the 18-month mark, researchers will study blood tests from another 25,000 donors. Dr. Graham Simmons, another Vitalant researcher, said the six metro areas surveyed in the preliminary study are New York, Seattle, the San Francisco Bay Area, Los Angeles, Boston and Minneapolis. He said the next phase will include Miami, Atlanta, New Orleans, Dallas, St. Louis, Chicago and Denver, among others. The sites were chosen based on high rates of infection and to provide a “broad geographical distribution throughout the country,” Simmons said.
https://www.foxnews.com/us/annie-glenn-widow-of-u-s-sen-john-glenn-dies-at-100-from-coronavirus|3 days ago|Annie Glenn, widow of astronaut John Glenn, dies at 100 from coronavirus|wife died Tuesday of COVID-19 at age 100. died at a nursing home near St. Paul, Minnesota, said Hank Wilson, a spokesman for the Glenn College of Public Affairs at The Ohio State University. She moved to Minnesota where her daughter lived. John Glenn, who died in 2016 at the age of 95, also was a U.S. senator. The couple had been married for 73 years. The couple had been playmates when they were children and were high school sweethearts, said her biography by the John & Anne Glenn Museum in Ohio. They were married after John Glenn received his commission in the Marines on April 6, 1943. Annie Glenn was thrust into the spotlight in 1962, when her husband became the first American to orbit Earth. She shied away from media attention because of a severe stutter. Later, she underwent an intensive program at the Communications Research Institute at Hollins College, now Hollins University, in Roanoke, Virginia, that helped her control her stutter and speak in public. By the time 77-year-old John Glenn returned to space in 1998 aboard space shuttle Discovery, Annie Glenn seemed more comfortable in her public role. She acknowledged that she had reservations about the retired senator’s second flight. “John had announced one year before that he was going to retire as a senator, so I was looking forward to having him as my own because I had given him to our government for 55 years,” she told a NASA interviewer. A memorial service will be held at 11 a.m ET June 6. It will be officiated by the Rev. Amy Miracle, pastor for the Broad Street Presbyterian Church in Columbus. The memorial will be virtual with no parishioners or guests in attendance due to the COVID-19 restrictions. She is survived by her two children. .
https://www.foxnews.com/media/home-depot-bernie-marcus-slams-media-rightening-america-coronavirus|3 days ago|Home Depot co-founder Bernie Marcus: Media have done a 'wonderful job frightening America'|Home Depot co-founder Bernie Marcus said Monday that the media have done a “wonderful job in frightening America" about the . “My age bracket is really the problem. If we take care of my age bracket, that is 70 or above, I think that we can end a lot of the problems that are out there," Marcus told the “ " on Monday. "People that are 70 or above have to be so careful because you are compromised in many different ways. But we’re only a small portion of the population and we’re closing down everybody, in addition to the schools." Marcus commended and Georgia Gov. Brian Kemp for reopening their economies. "What they did is a perfect example of thinking and understanding that people needed to get out the house, needed to start their businesses again, needed to go to work again," he said. "But there are bureaucrats all over the country in the blue states that are still closed and god knows when they'll open. Those people up there, they are still struggling and it is desperation time for many of them." As the United States continues its , on Monday more than a dozen states began easing restrictions that had shuttered and brought daily lives to a screeching halt for the better part of two months as a critical tradeoff to reduce the impact of the . Fox News has identified a total of 48 states that have now begun a partial reopening process. These states have said data shows they have “flattened the curve” of infections enough to phase in their economies under new health guidelines and restrictions to protect citizens from the virus that causes COVID-19. The U.S. has recorded at least 1,491,547 confirmed coronavirus cases and at least 89,666 deaths, according to statistics gathered by Johns Hopkins University. Chairman of the Federal Reserve Jerome Powell warned Sunday that unemployment in the U.S. could peak between 25 and 30 percent before the end of the June as the economic fallout of the coronavirus pandemic worsens. In April, the unemployment rate stood at 14.7 percent. In an interview with CBS’ Sunday, Powell said he does not predict a “second Great Depression” because the American economy has been impacted by an external factor – the coronavirus – instead of failure within its own financial system. Starting Monday, Arkansas casinos can resume limited operations. Marcus said that closing down the economy and schools does not make any sense and that the decision-makers are “plutocrats” who will get paid regardless of the circumstances. “It’s pretty sad,” Marcus said.
https://www.foxnews.com/entertainment/miranda-lambert-road-trip-husband-brendan-mcloughlin|3 days ago|Miranda Lambert updates fans on road trip with husband Brendan McLoughlin|gave fans an update on the road trip from to that she’s doing with husband Brendan McLoughlin in their new recreational vehicle. Lambert, 36, that she and McLoughlin purchased a new Airstream RV that they dubbed “The Sheriff.” In a recent post on her Instagram, the singer explained that after getting a little stir crazy at home amid the coronavirus quarantine, they decided to camp their way to visit family in New York. “6 days: 4 states: 1000 miles,” . “Nashville to Pigeon Forge TN... Virgina to PA and then NY. It was a nice change of pace.” She added: “Something about the highway is calming, and at the same time keeps you completely focused. I like to drive a lot because most of my adult life I’ve been driven around on a tour bus to play music ( which I love and miss terribly).” Lambert went on to heap praise on her husband, whom she previously called “the most amazing travel companion” by highlighting his navigation prowess. “B drives too and is the best navigator. We can set up camp in under 10 minutes once we pull in. Took a few times but we worked out the kinks,” she explained. The lengthy caption came along with a series of snaps from their road trip, including one in which Lambert celebrates backing the RV into a campsite for the first time. Another shows the couple using their Dutch oven, which the singer explained helped them make a childhood recipe she remembers fondly. “One of my favorite things on this trip was making dads classic recipe ‘campfire casserole’ in our Dutch Oven on the camp fire coals! Of course we had to face time Rick Lambert to make sure we knew the tricks of the trade, but Brendan has cooking anything in this cast iron down to an art now.” In early May, Lambert revealed that she and her husband after she started to experience some anxiety stemming from the . “After spending these last few months at home ( a much needed break and time to nest) I realized something. Just because I can’t travel and play shows doesn’t mean I can’t travel and make music. I have the most amazing travel companion, my husband, and we decided to add a family member,” at the time, referencing the new vehicle.
https://www.foxnews.com/media/tate-democrats-handing-trump-2020-election-by-ignoring-working-class-covid-19|3 days ago|Kristin Tate: How left-wing bureaucrats may end up handing Trump the 2020 election|Kristin Tate, an analyst for the nonprofit , noted on “ ” on Tuesday that the “angry” working class is rejecting left-wing “out of touch” leadership amid the pandemic and said that continuing to enforce could impact the . “Left-wing leaders are using this pandemic as an excuse to grow the size and scope of state power and just leaving the middle class to suffer,” Tate said. Host Rob Schmitt noted that battleground states including , and are “just a few of the focal points for anti-lockdown .” He then pointed out that “their to Donald Trump’s victory” in 2016 and asked Tate if Democrats “are repeating the same mistakes this time around.” “This pandemic response just kind of underlines what we’ve known for a while now — the Democratic Party is no longer the party for the working class,” she said in response. She went on to say that she thinks Democrats “have no interest in getting the back up and running,” adding that “they think a recession is exactly what they need” to win the election. Tate explained that “for the last three years Donald Trump has been campaigning on the incredible economy that we’ve seen on his watch.” The U.S. was experiencing the longest expansion in history until mid-March, when the coronavirus pandemic forced businesses to temporarily close in an effort to slow the spread. Since stay-at-home orders were issued then, more than have filed for unemployment benefits. “Just like in 2016, the Democrats could be in for a rude wake-up call this November because working people have been handcuffed at this point, to the point where they are really starting to resent liberal leadership in many of these states,” Tate said. “These people have been told to risk everything, their livelihoods, their jobs, their savings because some left-wing bureaucrats in their state capitals have decided that they need to be on lockdown indefinitely.” She added that “these same bureaucrats enjoy guaranteed taxpayer-funded salaries [and] unlike the people they’re making decisions for, their jobs are not at risk.”
https://www.foxnews.com/health/maryland-teen-dies-of-coronavirus-related-complications-mom-claims|3 days ago|Maryland teen dies of coronavirus-related complications, mom claims: ‘I am so lost right now’|The mother of a Maryland teen claims her daughter died of complications related to the , with a rare inflammatory illness that’s likely related to COVID-19 infections in children suspected in her death. Last week, 15-year-old Dar'yana Dyson, of Dundalk, began to feel unwell, telling her mother, Kandice Knight, that her stomach was upset and she did not have an appetite. Eventually, she was taken to a local hospital, with one WBAL-TV anchor she was treated at Johns Hopkins Hospital in Baltimore. At the hospital, Dar’yana reportedly developed shortness of breath and a rash — the latter of which has been reported in pediatric COVID-19 patients with "pediatric in children,” or MIS-C. The syndrome has been paralleled to Kawasaki disease, a condition that causes swelling in medium-sized arteries throughout the body. Several children across the U.S. and abroad have developed the illness in recent weeks, with experts warning more cases of the Kawasaki disease-like inflammatory condition are likely to emerge as the virus continues to spread. The increasing number of cases has prompted the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) last week The condition has been said to affect children who test positive for a current or recent infection by SARS-CoV-2, the novel coronavirus that causes a COVID-19 infection. Knight told that her daughter tested positive for virus antibodies. Dar’yana was placed on a ventilator shortly after arriving at the hospital but died a few days later, WBAL-TV reported. "It happened so fast. I never thought that taking my daughter to the hospital for a stomach pain that I wouldn't be walking out of there with her,” Knight told WBAL-TV. "I'm so lost right now I don't even know what to say," she told "It was the worst thing I ever could've experienced in my life.” The Maryland Department of Health has since updated its COVID-19 data dashboard to reflect the death of at least one child In response to her daughter's death, Knight is urging other parents to take the virus seriously. "They really don't believe it until it hits close to home," she said. "I was one of those people."
https://www.foxnews.com/us/atlanta-street-racing-crackdown|3 days ago|Atlanta police arrest dozens, impound exotic cars in illegal street racing crackdown|These races are over. The Atlanta Police Department said it arrested 44 people and impounded 29 vehicles during a crackdown on illegal street racing over the weekend, amid the pandemic. “We pledged to deal with these speeders and reckless drivers who have shown a complete disregard for the safety of others with these dangerous antics,” its chief, Erika Shields, said in a statement. “This weekend, with the help of our law enforcement partners, we made inroads.” The operation also led to 114 citations and the seizure of four firearms, including a semi-automatic rifle, police say. Officers taking part in the crackdown targeted several locations throughout the city that have been hot spots for street racing activity in the past. Images released by police showed exotic cars being loaded onto tow trucks. “Arrests and citations included traffic offenses such as laying drag, speeding and reckless driving to other criminal offenses such as DUI, drinking in public, and possession of marijuana,” the Atlanta Police Department said. “One convicted felon was found to be in possession of a firearm and charged accordingly.” Earlier this month, Shields said incidents of street racing and stunts in the city are at an all-time high, according to . “We will continue to impound, arrest and seek costly fines for those individuals who choose Atlanta for this senseless behavior,” Shields said following the crackdown.
https://www.foxnews.com/sports/49ers-richard-sherman-suggests-money-california-stance-sports-teams-playing-state|3 days ago|49ers' Richard Sherman suggests money played factor in California's stance on sports teams playing in state|cornerback Richard Sherman believes money was behind the reason California announced Monday professional sports could return in June without fans. The Democratic governor qualified that the early June timeline was preliminary. He said the return of sports will come with “deep stipulations” and “very prescriptive conditions.” Newsom’s comments came more than a month after Los Angeles Mayor Eric Garcetti announced that sporting events and concerts were unlikely to happen until 2021 at the earliest and amid pro sports leagues trying to figure out how to play games with coronavirus health restrictions in mind. Sherman offered a different take, saying money was playing a part. “Money changes everything,” Sherman tweeted. “Teams started exploring options outside the state and all of a sudden the timeline changed.” Sherman might have a point. The NFL could stand to lose $5.5 billion in revenue should games be played without fans, according to . MLB also reportedly expected to lose about $4 billion playing in stadiums without fans. States stand to lose a piece of that pie should there be no NFL fans attendance in 2020. The NFL is still set on starting play in September even as the three other major professional sports leagues are in limbo. NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell announced that virtual workouts will continue through May. Coaching and training staff have worked with the players by conducting classroom instruction and on-field activities through digital applications instead of at team facilities, which have been closed since late March. Those virtual meetings can occur for four hours per day, four days a week.
https://video.foxnews.com/v/6157740271001/|__clean_error__|__clean_error__|
https://www.foxnews.com/health/coronavirus-having-catastrophic-impact-on-childrens-hospitals-letter-to-hhs|3 days ago|Coronavirus having 'catastrophic' impact on children's hospitals: letter to HHS|Children's hospitals across the country are experiencing "catastrophic losses" after stepping up to help in the fight, Fox News has learned, and they are calling on the Department of Health and Human Services for urgent help. In a Tuesday to HHS Secretary Alex Azar, the leaders of some 76 children's hospitals across the country are suggesting that "failure to provide immediate relief to children’s hospitals will weaken our infrastructure and risk our current capability to care for all the nation’s children." The list of hospitals backing the letter includes the largest children's care facilities in the nation, as well as those in our nation's capital. As with general hospitals and health care centers across the country, children's hospitals devoted space and resources to coronavirus patients, suspending nonessential treatments in some cases and generally assisting where possible. "We did this at considerable cost," the letter reads, and the damage appears to be taking an outsized toll. "America’s children’s hospitals have experienced an over 40 percent decline in revenues and are currently incurring approximately $2 billion in losses per month," according to children's hospital presidents and CEOs nationwide. These losses are continuing even after the allocation of previous relief funds to include children's hospitals. Still, they say "the damage the crisis is creating cannot be reversed without the continued support and certainty that only the federal government can provide." Now, they are hoping any considerations regarding remaining relief funds for the nation's health care system will "fully reflect the contribution made by children’s hospitals... [and] the indispensable role we play for the patient populations we serve." Specifically, the signees of this letter are requesting additional funds from the Public Health and Social Services Fund (PHSSEF) immediately be released "to support the continued viability of the health care infrastructure for children." Failure to do so, they warned, "will weaken our infrastructure and risk our current capability to care for all the nation’s children." "Our losses continue to grow and our ability to contain the damage to children’s programs decreases with every day that passes," the letter concludes. "We appreciate the need to review data," it reads, "but we believe continued delays in relief allocations are having very real repercussions for the children and families we serve."
https://www.foxnews.com/media/rep-dan-crenshaw-blue-state-bailouts-coronavirus-lockdowns|4 days ago|Dan Crenshaw: Dems want to keep states locked down and have the rest of the country pay for it|Blue states want to keep residents under lockdown orders while asking the rest of America to foot the bill, Congressman charged Tuesday. In an interview on with host Brian Kilmeade, Crenshaw said that it was "no secret" states like and have vastly more expenditures and are in more debt than red states that "balance their budgets" like Texas and . They have really massive pension programs," he noted. "And, this is on top of the fact they actually their citizens to a huge extent. And, it also should be said that a lot of the coronavirus expenditures are in the form of which the federal government already pays for." "And so, it's really hard for me -- from Texas -- to tell my taxpayers here that your federal tax dollars should go to other states that...In the case of California, it wasn't hit that hard by coronavirus, but they want a bailout nonetheless and that's because their state finances were so bad before all of this happened," he explained. California is one of the major economic engines of the country. The Golden State makes up around 14 percent of the U.S. . , if California were its own nation, it would be the fifth-largest economy in the world with a GDP of $2.9 trillion. California was one of the states earliest hit by the pandemic. This week, confirmed cases with 3,200 deaths. The situation in New York has been much more dire, with and more than 28,000 deaths reported. is one of the richest cities in the world and although New York makes up just one percent of the total U.S. area, it produces . In addition, after Republican Senate Majority Leader called for the end to "Blue State Bailouts," New York Gov. claimed that his state sends more money to the federal government than it gets in return and that regularly gets "bailed out" by the rest of the country. , a study by SUNY's Rockefeller Institute found that over four years from 2015 to 2018, New York taxpayers paid $116 billion more in federal taxes than the state received in federal funding. During the same period, Kentucky received $148 billion in federal funds more than Kentuckians paid in federal taxes. Democrats want for states and cities, and Cuomo is one of the leading lobbyists. Last week, House lawmakers to provide that would include a new wave of help for state and local governments, workers, and families. Most Republicans derided the bill, echoing Crenshaw's sentiments. "Yeah, and it’s already getting paid for by the federal government. So they are asking for more money on top of that," Crenshaw told Kilmeade. "And let's be honest, it's probably to replace their tax revenues and they need to replace their tax revenues because nobody is working. They won't let anybody outside." "So they want to keep people locked down and they want the rest of the country to pay for that," he asserted. "That's fundamentally what's going on here and that bill we voted on Friday was almost $1 trillion towards this end. "So they can talk about helping the people all they want, but the vast majority of that bill was going toward their favorite blue state governors," Crenshaw concluded.
https://www.foxnews.com/food-drink/animal-sanctuary-california-rescue-chickens-planes-iowa-farm|3 days ago|Animal sanctuary arranges to have private planes rescue 1,000 chickens that farm was planning to euthanize|An animal sanctuary in California has rescued 1,000 hens from an Iowa farm that was planning to euthanize the birds — transporting them back to their new home via two chartered, private planes. Animal Place, which owns and operates a 600-acre sanctuary for “neglected farm animals” in northern California, said the hens were among 140,000 chickens which were slated to be gassed after the farm was forced to go out of businesses “due to COVID-19.” The sanctuary did not specify which specific farm the chickens were from, nor why, specifically, the farm was shutting down operations. However, coronavirus outbreaks and staffing issues at meat-processing plants, coupled with interruptions of the supply chain, have recently forced other farms across the country to “depopulate” that could not be transported to such meat-packing facilities for processing. “When Animal Place heard about an Iowa egg farm gassing most of its 140,000 hens, we felt compelled to help,” the organization wrote in a press release. “The farmer was willing to release 1,000 birds to us. But how would we get them to California?” The answer to that question eventually came in the form of two private jets, donated by a “generous supporter,” according to . The organization added that its members had previously considered trucking the hens out to California, before deciding that method would be “too long and hard” on the animals. Animal Place sent some of its team members to Iowa to assist in the “rescue,” which was aided by another sanctuary in Iowa, which helped to extract the chickens from the farm to the airport, for their chartered flight back to California. (Animal Place claimed that “most” of the other 140,000 hens at the farm had already been gassed to death by the time they arrived.) The chickens — which are all receiving “health checks” at the Animal Place sanctuary — will soon be available for adoption. A representative for Animal Place was not immediately available to confirm whether the organization had plans to rescue additional livestock slated for depopulation. In the months following the coronavirus outbreak in the U.S., several meat-processing plants across the country had been forced to close due to outbreaks among staff, or staffing shortages caused by the pandemic. In some cases, this resulted in less output, and fewer facilities where farmers would be able to send their livestock for processing. In mid-April, one chicken company planned to depopulate approximately after disruptions at its own processing plant. The following month, the National Pork Producers Council (NPCC) had even warned that it may have to . “Producers face a wrenching and tragic choice; watch their mature animals suffer because they can’t care for them or euthanize them,” the NPCC said in a statement released earlier in May. “The only humane option is to euthanize them, a tragedy for farmers who work to produce food for people.”
https://www.foxnews.com/entertainment/princess-theodora-of-greece-postpoones-wedding-coronavirus-reports|3 days ago|Princess Theodora of Greece postpones her royal wedding amid coronavirus outbreak: reports|isn’t the only being delayed this year. Princess Theodora of Greece and Denmark is also putting her ceremony with Los Angeles-based attorney Matthew Kumar on hold amid the , according to multiple reports. “Unfortunately, it has been canceled due to COVID-19 and we do not have a new date scheduled at this time,” a palace communications officer told Her & Nu, as recently reported by . “However, we are analyzing the situation in detail to see when the wedding could take place,” the source added. A rep for the Greek royal family did not immediately respond to Fox News’ request for comment. The couple was set to marry this month on the Greek island of Spetses, although the details have not been confirmed by the royal office, reported on Tuesday. According to the outlet, the Greek monarchy was formally abolished in 1974 and Theodora was raised in England before heading to the United States to pursuing an acting career. The 36-year-old is best known for portraying Alison Montgomery in the soap opera under the name “Theodora Greece.” The actress took to Instagram in November 2018 to share the exciting news of her engagement. “Words can’t express our happiness and excitement,” Theodora captioned in a photo with her fiancé. “I can’t wait to marry this wonderful man. I love you Matt.” U.K.’s Princess Beatrice was set to marry property developer at St. James’ Palace in London on May 29 with a reception to follow at her grandmother gardens at Buckingham Palace. However, the pair have made the conscientious decision to do away with the nuptial reception for now, as the world around them endures through the novel coronavirus pandemic. "Princess Beatrice and Mr. Mapelli Mozzi are very much looking forward to getting married but are equally aware of the need to avoid undertaking any unnecessary risks in the current circumstances," a spokesperson for the couple told Fox News. "In line with government advice for the U.K. and beyond, the couple are reviewing their arrangements for 29th May. "They are particularly conscious of government advice in relation to both the wellbeing of older family members and large gatherings of people," the spokesman continued. "Therefore, the planned reception in the Buckingham Palace Gardens will not take place. The couple will carefully consider government advice before deciding whether a private marriage might take place amongst a small group of family and friends." A royal insider told that amid the growing concern surrounding the virus, “the invitations were never actually sent out.” Last month, the outlet maintained that details surrounding the wedding were still being ironed out, but Mozzi’s family is from Italy, and the region has been hit hard by the virus. As for the ceremony itself, the couple had reportedly already rescheduled it twice due to Beatrice's father public scandal that has pierced the royal exterior.
https://www.foxnews.com/politics/gop-bill-feds-drones-spy-citizens-coronavirus|3 days ago|GOP rep unveils bill barring feds from using drones to monitor citizens, amid coronavirus enforcement concerns|: Rep. Andy , R-Ariz., is introducing a bill to prevent the federal government from using drones to spy on U.S. citizens — amid concern about the use of drones by authorities in the U.S. and abroad to combat the . “Although we are living in unprecedented times, we must not compromise our long recognized constitutional rights,” . The “Buzz Off Act” would prevent any federal law enforcement agency from using a drone to surveil a U.S. citizen for any purpose. There are, however, exceptions. Surveillance would still be allowed if a citizen gave written consent, if it was warranted to stop a terror attack, or if a law agency obtains a search warrant. Biggs noted that both China and Spain have been using drones to enforce stay-at-home orders in response to the coronavirus crisis — and that they had been used in a limited capacity in parts of the U.S. “In California, drones have been equipped with speakers and cameras to help enforce the coronavirus lockdown; in at least one New Jersey city, these devices are being deployed to harangue citizens into heeding social distancing guidelines,” he said. According to , police in Elizabeth, N.J., used drones to spread an automated message reminding people of stay-at-home orders, while it has also been used to check on homeless people in parts of California. “Any freedom-loving American is left to wonder: what’s next? The Fourth Amendment and decades of Supreme Court precedent grant all American citizens a right to privacy,” he said. “I won’t let our nation be transformed into a police state, nor will I sit idly by and let a soulless machine tell me how to live my life. These nosy little drones need to buzz off!” The bill comes amid increasing concerns across the U.S. about the lockdowns and the methods used to enforce them. House Republicans, led by Biggs, urged Attorney General William Barr to review stay-at-home and other orders issued by state and local leaders in response to the crisis. Meanwhile, are facing legal challenges to their shutdown orders from citizens and businesses keen to get back to normal life — with a number having success in voiding those orders.
https://www.foxnews.com/travel/florida-keys-reopening-to-tourists-as-of-june-1|3 days ago|Florida Keys targets June 1 reopening to visitors|Who’s ready for a ? The Florida Keys will welcome once again on the target date of June 1, officials have announced. The island chain has been closed to for over two months in the fight against the After temporarily shuttering on March 22, the Keys will reopen in correlation with the previously announced removal of checkpoints at U.S. 1 and State Road 905 on June 1, which barred visitors from entry. Airport screenings at Key West International and Marathon Florida Keys airports will also be lifted that day. With the exception of vacation rentals, lodging establishments will be allowed to reopen at 50 percent occupancy, Monroe County Emergency Management said in These hotels, campgrounds, RV parks, marinas and other transient-licensed sites must adopt increased sanitation protocol and abide by the American Hotel and Lodging Association’s amplified cleaning guidelines amid the COVID-19 outbreak. “We appreciate and have supported local government and health officials’ decisions to minimize coronavirus infection rates in the Keys,” said Rita Irwin, chair of the Monroe County Tourist Development Council, . “That said, we are most gratified that we can ease into hosting visitors again.” According to , reopening decision followed a low coronavirus infection rate throughout the Florida Keys. Monroe County reported 100 positive cases of COVID-19 and three deaths as of Sunday, per The Associated Press. Details of the tentative reopening, however, remain subject to change amid the ongoing outbreak. “Should the Florida Keys experience an increase in cases and under the advisement of the Florida Department of Health, restrictions may be heightened and/or amenities may again be closed,” the Monroe County public safety office said.
https://www.foxnews.com/entertainment/billy-zane-survivors-remorse-coronavirus-not-knowing-died|4 days ago|Billy Zane says he's feeling 'survivors remorse' from coronavirus despite not knowing anyone who died|said that he’s experiencing “survivor’s remorse” amid the despite not directly knowing anyone who has lost their life. The “ ” actor, who recently lent his voice to the Chicago CEO COVID-19 Coalition’s telethon event, spoke with Page Six where he revealed that he’s been struggling mentally while in quarantine in . The 54-year-old told the outlet that he doesn’t need to personally know anyone to be affected by the impact COVID-19 is having on the world. “It does not have to directly touch my family or friends for it to affect me,” . “It doesn’t have to be my blood that moves me every day. "This pandemic goes beyond this nation’s borders,” he continued. “I think about the homeless, the sick and kids that use school as a safe place.” Earlier this week, Zane joined a myriad of celebrities with ties to the city of for event meant to raise money for various charities helping the city during this unprecedented time. Zane was on hand to sing “ ,” composed by Chicago native Milton Ager and made famous by . Zane’s thoughts on the coronavirus weren’t all doom-and-gloom, however. The actor kept things significantly more lighthearted when he revealed which thing he misses most about the pre-COVID-19 world. "I miss going to brunch the most,” he told Page Six. “Everyone is bright-eyed … lunch can be a little draggy … [and] when people do dinner they’re just getting ready to go home.” “[But] brunch has a spring in its step. People are out, it’s like the animal kingdom — like the watering hole.”
https://www.foxnews.com/entertainment/ryan-phillippe-flashes-abs-coronavirus-quarantine|4 days ago|Ryan Phillippe flashes abs while sharing how he feels about coronavirus quarantine|has turned up the heat on Instagram with a rare glimpse at his rock solid abs in . The 45-year-old actor posted a photo to his social media account over the weekend where he's standing in the sun outside his home. The father of three didn't exactly look too pleased for the pic as he faces the camera with a fierce look on his face but he explained why he looked so down in the caption. "OVER IT," Phillippe wrote underneath the pic, prompting many of his followers to assume he was referring to the . "If we all agree that we are over it, the virus will for sure just go away," one fan commented sarcastically. "i'll follow along," Phillippe responded. The photo garnered over 145,000 likes on the social media platform. Other stars chimed in with their own take on the global pandemic, which has forced many around the country into quarantine due to stay-at-home orders. "same," artist Diplo agreed, along with film producer Mohammed Al Turki who wrote the same caption. In late March, just about two weeks into California's stay-at-home order, the "Cruel Intentions" actor joked that every day is "just a sunday now." "may all our health practitioners and essential service peopole remain safe and healthy. comfort to the victims and their families. the rest of you, happy sunday and stay the hell home. dad sez," Phillippe wrote. Phillippe and were married for 9 years before divorcing in 2008. The exes share daughter, Ava, and son, Deacon together. Phillippe also has a third child, daughter Kai, with ex Alexis Knapp.
https://www.foxnews.com/media/kayleigh-mcenany-who-funding-freeze-in-place|4 days ago|Kayleigh McEnany on Trump's threat to freeze WHO funds: They must prove they don't have a 'China bias'|White House Press Secretary told “ ” on Tuesday that “at the moment” it is definite that President Trump will withhold funding from the for another 30 days. “U.S. taxpayer dollars will not go to an organization that slow-walks information, has a China bias and puts American lives at risk,” McEnany said on Tuesday. McEnany referenced a released the night before to the head of the World Health Organization, stating that his administration conducted an investigation that confirmed the health body’s multiple failures in the early stages of the coronavirus outbreak. In the letter the president also warned that his current funding freeze will become permanent if the organization does not make “substantive” improvements within 30 days. “The president's letter was very revealing,” McEnany said. She went on say that “one of the most disturbing things” in the letter constituted “one of many pieces of evidence we have of the WHO and China slow-walking” information related to the novel “On January 21, you had the Chinese President telling the WHO, pressuring the WHO to not call this a health emergency and the very next day you had the WHO saying, ‘this [COVID-19] is not a public health emergency of international concern,’” McEnany noted. The has insisted that Beijing downplayed the virus' threat in December, which led to the subsequent outbreak. China has denied the charge and accused Trump of shirking responsibility to the organization, according to the Agence France-Presse, an international news agency. “The onus is on the WHO here to prove that they don't have a China bias,” McEnany said on Tuesday. She added, “They need to assure the United States that taxpayer dollars are used well, particularly when you consider the fact that they were all for China's onerous restrictions of travel into their country, but when the president said ‘I'm at our border from Wuhan,’ we were told by the WHO that that was a bad decision.” She went on to note that “interesting facts like that really highlight the problems there.” In a statement, the WHO said it was "considering the contents" of Trump's letter. Previously, the agency pointed out that it declared a global health emergency on Jan. 30, when there were fewer than 100 COVID-19 cases outside of China. At the time, the WHO chief said the world owed China gratitude for the way it bought other nations time to plan, with the extraordinary measures it was taking to contain the virus. In April, Trump that he was cutting off U.S. payments to the WHO during the coronavirus pandemic. The U.S. is the WHO's biggest donor, giving about $450 million a year. Host Ainsley Earhardt asked McEnany, “Why is the WHO so supportive of China and not us when we bankroll them?” “That is the million-dollar question,” McEnany said in response. “And what do we get for that 400 million-odd dollars we give and China giving a fraction of that? We get the fact that they hide information given to them from Taiwanese officials that this virus had human to human transmission,” McEnany continued. “The information about this potentially having asymptomatic spread, that also was information not given to us,” she went on to say. She then added, “We finally have a president who says, ‘That's enough of funding these global organizations where we get very little in return.’”
https://www.foxnews.com/media/elise-stefanik-cuomo-nursing-home-probe|4 days ago|Rep. Stefanik calls for probe of Cuomo's nursing home order: There was 'zero transparency'|Republican Rep. Elise Stefanik has joined a chorus of lawmakers calling for an into Democratic management of nursing homes and assisted care facilities during the because she believes the governor mismanaged his approach, costing thousands of lives. In an interview on with hosts, Steve Doocy, Brian Kilmeade, and Ainsley Earhardt, Stefanik charged that Cuomo and the state took a "number of negative actions" which resulted in an inability to protect the Empire State's more vulnerable residents. "The governor took executive action, forcing positive COVID cases back into nursing homes. There was zero transparency in terms of informing the seniors, the workers, or the family members whether there were positive cases," she said. "They also how many seniors’ deaths there were coming from nursing homes," Stefanik continued. "So, that reporting data -- they didn't count the hospital deaths when there was a positive case that was transmitted because of the senior nursing home." , Cuomo announced that nursing homes were required to accept COVID-19 positive patients once they were discharged after becoming more medically stable. In addition, those patients were not required to be tested following their release. After facing criticism from all sides, Cuomo has his policy, adding a directive telling hospitals that they must test patients, and patients must be negative before being returned to nursing homes. He is also now requiring nursing homes to test staff twice weekly. Cuomo also announced he is under the leadership of Democratic State Attorney General Letitia James. Stefanik told the "Friends" hosts her district had taken the "opposite approach." "In our first case of a senior assisted living facility the county public health office -- this was not taking guidance from New York State; they did this on their own -- they put out the information in a transparent way to ensure that other seniors and families in that assisted living facility were notified of that immediately," she explained. "So, I believe that these families [are owed] answers," Stefanik asserted. "We cannot dismiss their concerns. I have heard from families who are still grieving for the loss of their loved ones and they deserve answers. "And, it's not just who are calling for this independent investigation. It's as well." "It cannot be conducted by New York's Attorney General either. It needs to be an independent investigation," Stefanik concluded. "I'm calling for the Department of HHS to conduct this independent investigation. But I think it needs to come from the federal government."
https://www.foxnews.com/sports/devils-cory-schneider-layers-fear-drop-dead-deadline|4 days ago|Devils' Cory Schneider says players fear 'drop-dead' deadline|players are growing more concerned that the league will soon announce a “drop-dead” deadline as the timeline for resuming the season becomes more grim. goaltender Cory Schneider said Monday that he and other members of the team are apprehensive that the league will be able to successfully play out the remainder of the season after the NHL previously said it would take three weeks of training before playing any games. Doing so at this point would mean that the earliest the season could resume is June. “I think that’s everyone’s concern right now,” Schneider said during a conference call with reporters. “It’s a lot of guys asking, is there a drop-dead date? What’s the date that it’s just too late, that you can get a semblance of a season or a playoff.” The 34-year-old veteran acknowledged the importance of not taking too much time off the ice but questioned the viability of returning, given the circumstances. “Is it worth it for us to spend five, six weeks to do something that ultimately won’t matter?” he said. “Personally, I would like to at least get out and get that feeling again. Nine or 10 months is a long time to not have played a game and not really ramp it up in that sense. My hope is that we get a chance to come back and play.” NHL commissioner Gary Bettman said last week that he hasn’t contemplated canceling the regular season. "I believe that if the right time comes, and the right circumstances, based on all of the options that we’re considering and our ability to execute them, we’ll get this season done,” he said. The season was suspended on March 12 with 189 regular-season games remaining.
https://www.foxnews.com/health/possible-coronavirus-linked-inflammatory-illness-kids-virginia|4 days ago|Possible coronavirus-linked inflammatory illness in kids identified in Virginia for first time: officials|Officials in Virginia have announced what is thought to be the state’s first case of a mysterious inflammatory condition that primarily affects children and is possibly linked to the Virginia Health Commissioner Norman Oliver during a daily press conference on Monday said that the state has seen at least one case of "pediatric in children,” or MIS-C. The syndrome has been paralleled to Kawasaki disease or a condition that causes swelling in medium-sized arteries throughout the body. “We have learned of one case [of] MIS-C at this point and that's the only one we have,” Oliver said, according to “We are currently getting the data on that, we haven’t yet reported it as we’ve just learned of it." No other details were provided, including the child’s age, location, or current condition. A seemingly growing list of states have reported cases of MIS-C, with officials in both Previously, Yale-New Haven Children’s Hospital (YNHCH) in Connecticut announced The cases are said to be the state’s first and have since been reported to the Connecticut Department of Public health, the hospital said in a The condition has also affected several patients at Children’s Hospital Los Angeles in California, as well as . A 6-month-old who was hospitalized in California with Kawasaki disease last month also tested positive for COVID-19, reported at the time. Meanwhile, physicians in Washington, D.C., of the mysterious condition. Additionally, at least three young children in New York after being hospitalized with the rare Kawasaki disease-like illness, said New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo earlier this month. More cases of the Kawasaki disease-like inflammatory condition are likely to pop up in other children around the country as the virus continues to spread, experts have warned, and the increasing number of cases prompted the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) last week The news comes after British health authorities, , said that some severely ill pediatric patients in the country — including some who were positive for the coronavirus — presented an “unusual clinical picture” that included inflammatory symptoms possibly linked to COVID-19. The U.K. Pediatric Intensive Care Society (PICS), citing an email alert from the National Health Service (NHS) in England, said in that health officials had reported "a small rise in the number of cases of critically ill children presenting with an unusual clinical picture” at the time. More specifically, the news release said, it is a “multi-system inflammatory state” that may be connected to the novel virus. “The cases have in common overlapping features of toxic shock syndrome and atypical Kawasaki disease with blood parameters consistent with severe COVID-19 in children. Abdominal pain and gastrointestinal symptoms have been a common feature as has cardiac inflammation,” the NHS notice reads, according to PICS. MIS-C can also cause persistent fever, rashes, vomiting, and diarrhea, among other symptoms such as a red tongue and eyes. Dr. Jacqueline Szmuszkovicz, a pediatric cardiologist at Children’s Hospital Los Angeles, recently said that children who have a fever that lasts for four or more days should seek medical attention. “Certainly, if they see any of the other signs — the rash, the red tongue, red eyes — we encourage them to seek care,” she told . A spokesperson for the Virginia Department of Health did not immediately return Fox News’s request for additional comment on Tuesday.
https://www.foxnews.com/science/covid-19-patients-not-infectous-testing-positive-second-time|4 days ago|COVID-19 patients may not be infectious after testing positive a second time, experts say|States across the country are in various phases of reopening, raising concerns of a so-called "second wave" of the pandemic. However, new data appears to suggest that patients who test positive for COVID-19 after having previously recovered are not capable of transmitting the infection. The data, which comes from the Korean Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, notes that 285 patients who tested positive for the novel coronavirus after they were initially believed to be resolved of it did not show an ability to spread the infection. According to , which first reported the news, the virus samples collected from the patients could not be grown in culture, which indicates the patients were either getting rid of non-infectious or dead virus particles. "There have been no secondary infections from people who came in contact with the relapsed patients so far," Yoon Tae-ho, a senior health ministry official, said in comments obtained by . "We have not found evidence that those cases are contagious." Fox News has reached out to the Korean Centers for Disease Control and Prevention with a request for comment. The evidence from South Korea indicates that health officials in the country will remove people who have recovered from COVID-19 from being considered infectious. Instead, they will be referred to as "PCR re-detected after discharge from isolation," according to a report from the Korean CDC that was obtained by Bloomberg. “Under the new protocols, no additional tests are required for cases that have been discharged from isolation,” the report added. There have been some concerns that PCR, or polymerase chain reaction, tests are not able to distinguish between living and dead virus particles, previously reported. As of Tuesday morning, more than 4.83 million coronavirus cases have been diagnosed worldwide, more than 1.51 million of which are in the U.S., the most impacted country on the planet.
https://www.foxnews.com/health/blood-markers-may-help-identify-which-children-develop-severe-kawasaki-illness-report|4 days ago|Blood markers may help identify which children develop severe Kawasaki-illness: report|A group of researchers in England found a group of blood compounds that may predispose some to more severe cases of Kawasaki-like inflammatory disease, reports say. Doctors think the rare inflammatory condition is linked to . Kawasaki disease causes swelling in medium-sized arteries throughout the body, causing a high, persistent fever, swollen lips and tongue, a rash, and swollen hands and feet, among other signs. Some pediatric patients experience additional symptoms like shock, may develop heart abnormalities (like coronary aneurysms) and undergo heart failure, Michael Bell, the chief of critical care medicine at Children’s National, told The Washington Post. A 5-year-old girl from the U.K. is from the illness. Researchers at Imperial College London analyzed blood from some of the sickest children, according to a by The Guardian, and found they had high levels of five compounds that can be measured in routine tests. Two of the compounds, ferritin and C-reactive protein or CRP, are common blood markers for inflammation. The others are linked to heart damage and blood clotting, namely troponin, BNP and so-called “D-dimers”. “We know that these markers are present in the very sick patients and at lower levels in some patients with normal Kawasaki disease,” Michael Levin, a professor of pediatrics and international child health at Imperial, told The Guardian. The researchers believe the blood markers can help doctors decide which children are at risk of progressing to heart failure, moving these patients from district hospitals to specialist centers and, later, intensive care units if necessary, Levin said. Though more research is necessary, if the markers are reliable then a simple blood test could help doctors identify children at-risk for the disease. Prof. Chris Whitty, England’s chief medical officer, granted the researchers permission to investigate further by recruiting children into , which was already studying inflammatory disorders, the outlet reported. Doctors in Europe are reportedly collecting blood samples for the study to learn which markers may reveal the severity of the disease. “This is a rapidly changing situation and we desperately need to learn how to manage it because we are now seeing quite significant numbers of children being admitted to district hospitals all over the place,” Levin told The Guardian.
https://www.foxnews.com/sports/ufc-khabib-nurmagomedov-father-critical-condition-battling-coronavirus|4 days ago|UFC star Khabib Nurmagomedov reveals father in critical condition with coronavirus|lightweight champion Khabib Nurmagomedov revealed Monday his father is in critical condition after he was diagnosed with and that he has lost other family members to the illness. Abdulmanap Nurmagomedov has been in his son’s corner throughout his UFC career, but is now in a “very difficult situation,” according to his son. “There is a lot written on the internet about my father. My father, right now, is in a hospital. He is in critical condition as a result of this virus. It impacted his heart because last year he had a surgery there, and right now, they did another surgery. He is in a very difficult situation, very difficult. We are asking Allah that he returns him to us,” Khabib Nurmagomedov said in an Instagram Live video, according to . He added: “In my personal case, I’ve had more than 20 people sick from my family. More than 20 people were lying in the ICUs. And many of them are no longer among us. Many acquaintances have died, many parents of my relatives. Everybody is having a hard time dealing with it.” Abdulmanap Nurmagomedov is credited with getting Khabib involved in wrestling at a young age and helping him get to where he is today – among the top mixed martial arts fighters in UFC. UFC President Dana White and Khabib Nurmagomedov’s fierce rival Conor McGregor offered their condolences to the fighter and his family. Khabib Nurmagomedov, a devout Muslim from Russia, also cautioned those taking part in Ramadan to use social distancing methods when with family and loved ones.
https://video.foxnews.com/v/6157714221001/|__clean_error__|__clean_error__|
https://www.foxnews.com/us/georgia-health-department-apologize-coronavirus-data-gaffe-processing-error|4 days ago|Georgia apologizes over 'processing error' after accusations officials were manipulating coronavirus case counts|The Department of Public Health apologized Monday for its most recent data gaffe, explaining a “processing error” over the weekend had incorrectly shown a downward trend in the number of . In a tweet Monday from its official Twitter account, the department said: “Yesterday, a processing error inadvertently included 231 serologic test results among the positive #COVID19 cases. The error was corrected, but it caused a decrease in positive cases between reporting periods on our dashboard. We apologize for the error and the confusion.” Serologic tests are blood tests conducted to identify antibodies, or proteins produced by the immune system, in patients who may have been exposed to the virus or who have recovered from COVID-19. They are different from COVID-19 nasal swab tests, which determine whether viral genetic material is present in a sample collected from the back of the nose where it meets the throat. The apology came after the controversy last week over a bar chart posted on the state health department website that appeared to show new confirmed cases in the counties with the most infections had dropped every single day for the past two weeks. In actuality, there had been no clear downward trend. The bar chart titled “Top 5 Counties with the Greatest Number of Confirmed COVID-19 Cases” was first posted to the department's website on May 10. Upon first glance, the bars, which were color-coded to represent each county, show a steady downward slope. But local GPB News radio reporter Stephen Fowler pointed out a “couple big things wrong/not readable” on the graph, including that the dates on the X-axis were not listed in chronological order and the counties weren’t displayed in the same position each day. In a follow-up tweet, Fowler wrote, “There was a bad graph. DPH was asked and it changed after a day. This was one of many graphs on their site (and one of many errors).” "It's just cuckoo," Democratic state Rep. Scott Holcomb of Atlanta told the on May 13. "I don't know how anyone can defend this graph as not being misleading. I really don't." In a Facebook post on May 11, Holcomb said he sent a letter to Republican Gov. Brian Kemp and “received a note back that the data was corrected to be arranged in chronological order.” “I have two master's degrees and have worked with a fair amount of data. I've never seen anything like this graph in my life,” he wrote. By May 12, Holcomb said he discussed with Kemp over the phone how to better display data and had learned “the vendor who publishes the data on the DPH website thought it would be helpful." "I shared my opinion that it wasn't," Holcomb said. “This data is being used to inform state policy, and it's also being used by individuals. It's incredibly important for the data to be as accurate as possible and to be presented in a manner that is not misleading." Candice Broce, a communications director for governor’s office, explained in a May 11 tweet: “The x axis was set up that way to show descending values to more easily demonstrate peak values and counties on those dates. Our mission failed. We apologize. It is fixed.” Broce told the Journal-Constitution that the governor’s office does not choose the data the department of public health publishes on its website. Several social media users accused the health department of manipulating the data to show a desired outcome. Some suggested the graph was released to almost justify Kemp’s decision to broadly lift lockdown restrictions across the state. Meanwhile, in Florida, the state official who managed the COVID-19 online dashboard confirmed she had been removed from her position, according to reports Monday. In a farewell letter to colleagues distributed Friday, Rebekah Jones questioned the health department’s commitment to “accessibility and transparency.” Jones, the former geographic information system manager for DOH’s Division of Disease Control and Health Protection, said she has not had authority over the dashboard she helped create since May 5, according to the
https://www.foxnews.com/travel/coronavirus-cruise-ship-diamond-princess-leaves-japan-repatriate-crew|4 days ago|Diamond Princess cruise ship finally leaves Japan to repatriate remaining crew after coronavirus outbreak|The Diamond Princess has left Japan for Malaysia to repatriate its remaining crew members after being docked for months, following an early outbreak of the that reportedly killed 13 people and infected 712 others. Princess Cruises’ ship had been quarantined in Yokohama since February, and departed for Port Dickson on Saturday to repatriate the 170 employees still on board, reports. The Diamond Princess' iill-fatef voyage on Jan. 20, but cut its sailing short and returned after a passenger tested positive for COVID-19. The outbreak of the viral disease spread, and ultimately claimed the lives of 13 people while infecting 712 others, among the 3,700 passengers and crew on board. At one point, the ocean liner was "host to the highest concentration of the coronavirus cases outside China,” where COVID-19 is believed to have originated from, according to . Now, months later, the Diamond Princess is on the move "to finalize crew repatriation efforts and remain until operations begin,” Princess Cruises spokesperson Negin Kamali said. Looking ahead, the Carnival Corporation subsidiary has extended the through at the least the end of the summer. Princess Cruises President Jan Swartz cited limited flight availability and the closure of popular ports, among other travel restrictions, in making the decision.
https://www.foxnews.com/us/coronavirus-new-york-church-police-drive-in-service|4 days ago|New York pastor threatened with $1,000 fine for holding drive-in church service|A church with 40 members held a drive-in service Sunday after being warned by that it was a violation of 's stay-at-home order amid the pandemic. Pastor Samson Ryman, who leads Central Bible Baptist Church in upstate New York, held his first drive-in service May 3 with 23 attendees in 18 vehicles. The next day the Massena Police Department issued an informal cease-and-desist to the pastor. "I was kind of shocked by that," Ryman told Fox News. Before holding the service, he got permission from state and local officials. "We're not trying to be rebellious," he added. "We're just trying to be safe and reach our community with the gospel of Jesus Christ in these difficult times when people are having anxiety, worry, different mental concerns, and they want to get some spiritual help, through the word of God, some hope, and I believe we can do that safely with a drive-in." The pastor contacted the Rutherford Institute, a nonprofit civil liberties organization, which sent a letter to the police department Friday, warning that legal action would be taken if police followed through on the threat. "We do have the law behind us," John W. Whitehead, president of the Rutherford Institute, told Fox News. "I think they got the message so far." The pastor spoke from the church's porch while attendees stayed in their cars, listening on an FM radio transmitter, windows up. On Sunday, there were no police at the church, but the concern for First Amendment rights still stands. "You shouldn't be shutting down churches," Whitehead added. "If you can go to bars and get carry-out...this doesn't make any sense. Let people worship safely and let's get back to normal and above all, let's protect our Constitution." A federal court in Kentucky recently ruled that churches are allowed to hold drive-in services despite government officials forbidding them. "We appreciate our police force here," Ryman added. "We appreciate our mayor and we're praying for him and the decisions he makes and for our officers. We just want to be able to give people hope."
https://www.foxnews.com/politics/oregon-supreme-court-blocks-lower-court-order-invalidating-coronavirus-rules-pending-high-court-review|4 days ago|Governors face mounting court challenges over coronavirus lockdown orders|to governors' shutdown orders are piling up nationwide, putting state leaders on the defensive as citizens and itching to get back to normal take their arguments to court -- in some cases succeeding at voiding the governors' actions. The Wisconsin Supreme Court, for example, struck down Democratic Gov. Tony Evers' "safer at home" order on the grounds that his administration did not have the power to unilaterally impose the restrictions without the input of the state legislature. Evers Monday gave up his effort to reimpose statewide rules to slow the coronavirus' spread after it became clear he would not be able to come to an agreement with Republican lawmakers. "The Republicans made it very clear they don’t believe a statewide approach is the right way to go at this point in time," he said. "It doesn’t make a lot of sense spending a lot of time doing something we know isn’t going to be successful." Meanwhile, the Oregon Supreme Court Monday night temporarily blocked a lower court order that would have invalidated all of the state's coronavirus restrictions. A county circuit judge earlier had ruled that Democratic Gov. Kate Brown needed to get the legislature to sign off on her "stay-at-home" order past a 28-day limit. But the state supreme court ruled that the order would stay in place until the tribunal had a chance to fully review the case, which was brought by a group of churches. Brown slammed the lower court ruling on Monday before the higher court left her restrictions in place, at least temporarily. "It is irresponsible to dismiss the health risks and science behind our measures to stop COVID-19," she tweeted. "We would be faced with the prospect of another mass outbreak without the tools that have proven to be effective in protecting our families, neighbors & loved ones from this disease." The looming battle in the Oregon Supreme Court comes as a case is pending before a lower court in Illinois that has the potential to invalidate that state's coronavirus restrictions implemented by Democratic Gov. J.B. Pritzker. A judge who as it applied to just one state lawmaker will hear arguments Friday in a case that attempts to undo the order in its entirety, according to the . Pritzker, according to the , blasted the state lawmaker, Darren Bailey, who was behind the initial successful attempt to invalidate his order -- although on a much smaller scale. "It’s insulting. It’s dangerous and people’s safety and health have now been put at risk,” Pritzker said. "There may be people who contract coronavirus as a result of what Darren Bailey has done." Meanwhile, alone is facing at least a that include claims that the state has unjustly closed down gun shops and religious services. Michigan Gov. Gretchen Whitmer is up against a lawsuit from Republicans in her state’s House and Senate over her extension of an already-strict emergency order that has regulated residents’ movement and closed businesses. And Kentucky protesters sued officials including Gov. Andy Beshear, also a Democrat, for allegedly violating the First Amendment by banning mass protests. A group of Ohio gyms sued Republican Gov. Mike DeWine over his reopening order excluding them from those businesses allowed to operate, but it was subsequently announced that they will be allowed to reopen after all. The widespread spate of suits shows that with governors taking the lead on the coronavirus crisis -- and the federal government and state legislatures largely in the backseat -- those who disapprove of the nature of the coronavirus lockdowns see the judiciary as their only option for relief from the orders. A lawsuit against Maryland Republican Gov. Larry Hogan by a group of businesses in western Maryland, some former military members, Republican state lawmakers and several religious leaders is pending in the U.S. District Court of Maryland, with the government's most recent filing coming Monday. The in the suit said: "Governor Hogan has, respectfully, gone beyond all necessities of the case and continues to invade the domain of Federal authority and our rights secured by the Constitution." The suit also alleges that Hogan's aides "refused to state Del. [Daniel] Cox would not be arrested for speaking at" a rally against the governor's orders, citing prohibitions against large gatherings. Governors have had at least some success fending off legal challenges to their coronavirus restrictions. Earlier this month, the U.S. Supreme Court turned back an application asking it to overturn Pennsylvania Gov. Tom Wolf's statewide stay-at-home order. The Pennsylvania attorney general's office argued in a brief that Wolf has ample legal authority behind his sweeping order. "Much of what [the plaintiffs] argue amounts to public policy disagreements as to how the governor used his authority," the brief said. "The Pennsylvania Supreme Court applied well-established principles to conclude that the governor had that authority." Governors indeed have broad emergency police powers meant for situations like the coronavirus pandemic. But that authority varies by state, as was seen in the early stages of the pandemic when different states were forced to go through different processes to put off their elections. Many states were easily able to reschedule voting for the Democratic presidential primary and other local races with just a declaration from the governor or the secretary of state -- or with the collaboration of those two officials. But Ohio required a legislative say in the process, which DeWine ignored, tipping off a messy legal battle in which DeWine openly said he would defy a lower court's order to close the state's polls before the state's supreme court decided to stay out of the fray and let DeWine move forward with his poll closure. After a similar fight, Wisconsin's election on April 7 controversially went forward over Evers' objections. Lawsuits over general coronavirus restrictions might take a similar course -- with varying results in each state depending on the authority given to the governor under state law.
https://www.foxnews.com/travel/american-airlines-overcrowded-flight-never-felt-so-unsafe|4 days ago|American Airlines passenger complains of 'overcrowded' flight from California to Texas: 'Never felt so unsafe'|A passenger who recently flew with American claims she felt extremely “unsafe” and alleged her flight to Texas was almost “completely full” — but American Airlines is now saying that wasn’t exactly the case. The woman, who identifies herself as Tammy Gonzalez on Twitter, claimed on May 17 that she had “just” flown with American Airlines aboard a flight from Fresno, Calif., to Dallas. In footage that accompanied her tweet, Gonzalez can be heard remarking that the plane is “so overcrowded,” while panning across the cabin to show what appeared to be several rows of passengers seated directly next to each other. “Just flew on @AmericanAir flight AA1154 from Fresno to Dallas. Apparently airlines are exempt from CDC guidelines for social distancing,” Gonzalez wrote. “All rows with the exception of maybe 4 rows were completely full of passengers. I've never felt so unsafe in my life.” In replying to her own video, Gonzalez added that she that American Airlines would “put our lives at risk to make money off a couple extra seats.” A representative for American Airlines responded to Gonzalez’s tweet, writing that the company was “working hard to create more space” on its planes. The airline, too, had previously said it would be in order to create more distance between passengers, a policy the airline reiterated when contacted for comment on Gonzalez’s experience. “As we have said previously, on flights through May 31, American will limit the number of passengers on each aircraft,” a representative for the airline said in a statement shared with Fox News. “As part of this limit, American will not assign 50 percent of main cabin middle seats or seats near flight attendant jump seats on every flight, and will only use those middle seats when necessary. Gate agents will also continue to reassign seats to create more space between customers or to accommodate families who need to be seated together. Once on board — as long as there aren’t any aircraft weight or balance restrictions — customers can move to another seat within their ticketed cabin subject to availability. “That was the case on this flight, which had 28 seats not occupied – the aircraft was not at max capacity.” On its website, American adds that the airline is currently restricting “some” seats, but that customers will be able to move to a more “comfortable” seating arrangement. Gonzalez, meanwhile, has claimed she would have preferred if American . Gonzalez is by far not the only passenger fearing for her safety following a seemingly crowded flight. Earlier in May, a cardiologist from San Francisco claimed he after every seat on his United Airlines flight was full — despite allegedly receiving a previous message from United assuring him that would be blocked off to aid with social-distancing precautions amid the health crisis. The incident had even prompted United to , and notify passengers (to the best of their ability) of when a flight is anticipated to be “closer to full capacity.”
https://www.foxnews.com/politics/hhs-announces-354m-contract-with-virginia-based-company-to-make-coronavirus-drugs-in-us|4 days ago|HHS announces $354M contract with Virginia-based company to make coronavirus drugs in US|The Department of Health and Human Services on Tuesday announced it has signed a $354 million four-year contract with a Virginia-based company to expand pharmaceutical manufacturing in the amid the coronavirus pandemic. HHS said the contract is with Phlow Corporation of Richmond and will provide “immediate U.S.-based capacity” to produce active pharmaceutical ingredients and chemical compounds for ingredients to make “critical medicines to help alleviate or prevent drug shortages” during the COVID-19 crisis. The drug ingredients are expected to be manufactured at facilities , including a new facility that will be built in Virginia. According to HHS, the U.S. government and Phlow are developing a “prioritized list” of active pharmaceutical ingredients and finished medicines that are “critically needed” for the response to COVID-19. “The COVID-19 pandemic has reminded us how health threats or other sources of instability can threaten America’s medical supply chains, potentially endangering Americans’ health,” HHS Secretary Alex Azar said in a statement. “America has the capabilities, resources, and expertise to secure our medical supply chains; now the Trump Administration is providing the leadership to make it happen.” Azar added that HHS is taking a “significant step to rebuild our domestic ability to protect ourselves from health threats by utilizing American-made ingredients and creating new American jobs in the process.” The partnership comes amid concerns from Trump administration officials and lawmakers over supply chains spread around the world for critical products, as many of the pharmaceutical ingredients necessary for medications to help treat COVID-19 are now made internationally, specifically in China and India. HHS acknowledged that “a majority” of active pharmaceutical ingredients for critical medicines are produced and manufactured outside the U.S. “Shipping the ingredients or finished drugs to the U.S. also adds time that is not available during pandemics or other public health emergencies,” HHS said. “The U.S. national medical supply also is placed at risk during a global health emergency when individual countries can close borders and potentially eliminate access to these critical materials.” HHS also announced Tuesday that the team will expand manufacturing capability in the U.S. to provide further capacity for producing finished generic drugs. Under the $354 million agreement with the Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority (BARDA), part of HHS, Phlow will manufacture supplies for medicines for patients hospitalized with COVID-19. The contract, according to HHS, can be extended for up to a total of $812 million over a total of 10 years to maintain the system and supplies. Phlow will lead a team of private sector companies that includes Civica Rx, a nonprofit created to alleviate drug shortages; Ampax Fine Chemicals, a manufacturer; and the Medicines for All Institute at the Virginia Commonwealth University’s College of Engineering. The announcement comes after President Trump last week announced a new public-private partnership to develop a vaccine for the as part of what's being called “Operation Warp Speed," and said he hopes it will be produced "quickly" and possibly be ready by the end of the year.
https://www.foxnews.com/politics/senate-hearing-to-address-oversight-of-where-cares-act-money-is-going|4 days ago|Mnuchin, Powell face Senate hearing on CARES Act spending|The Senate Banking, Housing and Urban Affairs Committee is holding a hearing Tuesday to review spending under the $2.2 trillion , after a report was released detailing money meant to help businesses as well as state and local governments hurting financially as a result of the pandemic. In a written statement ahead of the hearing, Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin discussed the dire condition of the economy, claiming that the situation will improve as the country gradually reopens. “We have had to take unprecedented steps to shut down significant parts of the economy in the interest of public health,” Mnuchin said. “As a result, in the second quarter of this year, we are continuing to see large unemployment and other negative indicators. It is important to realize that the large numbers represent real people. This is why it is so important to begin bringing people back to work in a safe way.” Of the $500 billion in spending detailed by the Congressional Oversight Commission’s first report on the program, $454 billion is meant to support Federal Reserve lending facilities. Mnuchin said that since March 17 he has approved nine such facilities. The remaining $46 billion is reserved for the Treasury Department for loans to passenger and cargo air carriers, as well as companies “critical to maintaining national security,” but, according to the report, none of that has been disbursed yet. “The Treasury has received applications for these loans and is in the process of reviewing them. The Treasury has not yet made any loans to the airline industry and businesses critical to national security under these applications,” the commission’s report said. “The Treasury has, however, issued grants and loans to the airline industry under the Payroll Support Program under Division A, Title IV, Subtitle B of the CARES Act.” Mnuchin also noted that the government is processing $530 billion for more than 4.2 million forgivable small business loans under the Paycheck Protection Program (PPP). Lawmakers from both parties have criticized the PPP, which has been plagued by a host of problems. Many businesses were unable to get loans before the initial funding was exhausted. A second round of loans faced computer processing delays and a number of publicly traded companies ended up receiving money that Mnuchin demanded be paid back to the government. Mnuchin will likely come under tough questioning from senators Tuesday about the program's struggles. Another hallmark of the CARES Act was the direct payment made to millions of individuals and families. Mnuchin said that the government has issued upwards of 140 million such payments, with the average family of four receiving $3,400. Also testifying Tuesday is Federal Reserve Chairman Jerome Powell. In a prepared statement, Powell discussed measures already taken to support a struggling U.S. economy. “In March, we lowered our policy interest rate to near zero, and we expect to maintain interest rates at this level until we are confident that the economy has weathered recent events and is on track to achieve our maximum-employment and price-stability goals,” he cited as an example. For his part, Powell pledged to reveal the names and other details of the entities that borrow from the emergency programs the central bank has set up to offset the economic hit from the viral outbreak. In his prepared testimony, Powell said the central bank will disclose the amounts borrowed and the interest rates it levies under its programs to provide credit for large corporations, state and local governments, and medium-sized businesses. “We are deeply committed to transparency, and recognize that the need for transparency is heightened when we are called upon to use our emergency powers,” his testimony says. Despite rising unemployment that has resulted in tens of millions of Americans without work, Mnuchin offered words of optimism as financial programs aim to provide economic relief while medical professionals work on therapies and a potential vaccine. “While these are unprecedented and difficult times, these programs are making a positive impact on people,” he said. Together we will destroy the COVID-19 virus, and our country will emerge from the pandemic stronger than ever.”
https://www.foxnews.com/opinion/tucker-carlson-americans-are-rebelling-against-neurotic-dumb-leaders-and-extreme-coronavirus-lockdowns|4 days ago|Tucker Carlson: Americans are rebelling against neurotic, dumb leaders and extreme coronavirus lockdowns|The problem with assessing political candidates is you never really know what they're like until they get ahold of power. And by then, of course, it's too late. The decent ones wield power with restraint and humility. They understand the limits have their own wisdom -- human wisdom -- and they also understand the inevitability of unintended consequences, which are the rule. They know they won't be in charge forever, and so they tread lightly. But the bad ones, they go crazy. And the more power they get, the crazier they go. Power is the drug they've been searching for. It's why they went into politics in the first place -- not to help you or their fellow citizens or to improve our society, but to fill the empty space inside themselves. These are profoundly damaged people. Not a single one of them has a functional relationship with their fathers, not one. Unfortunately, people like that run a lot of this country right now. They've never had more power at any time in our history. As this recedes, it's becoming clear that cities and states that have cautiously reopened did the right thing. They are reaping the benefits of that. Nowhere has the virus surged back. Hospitals haven't been overwhelmed, death rates have not spiked. The time for mass quarantines is passed. And yet in some places -- and this is the measure of bad leadership --lockdowns are becoming more restrictive, not less, and much, much weirder. In for example, , an aging ne'er-do-well who bought the governor's title a year and a half ago for $172 million in inherited money, has issued yet another emergency order. This time, Pritzker vows to imprison business owners if they try to reopen. Meanwhile, in New York City, pothead Mayor has announced that anyone who dares to swim will be yanked out of the water, of course, because the virus spreads so easily in the ocean. Pothead Bill. In Los Angeles, as we told you on Friday night, the mayor there has told the beachgoers they can walk on the wet sand,-- totally fine -- but not the dry. Dry sand is dangerous. On Long Island, Nassau County Executive Laura Curran has banned doubles tennis. Singles only, no doubles. She wants you to know that in Nassau County, it is illegal to touch other people's tennis balls. This is what happens when neurotic dumb people get power. They do neurotic dumb things and then throw you in jail if you complain about it. Thankfully, in spots around the nation, people are starting to remember that this is America. Just because morons like J.B. Pritzker would like to stage a flu d'etat does not mean that the rest of us have to play along. Several sheriffs in Illinois have now announced they will no longer enforce J.B. Pritzker's orders. They're too stupid. They're absurd. They're also unconstitutional. Many others -- individual Americans -- are standing up for themselves in quieter ways. Here's how we know: Because it controls your smartphone, Apple can track travel across the country. Now, that's scary. But in this case, it's interesting. Here's why. Over this past weekend, for the first time since the lockdowns began in mid-March, nationwide driving trends were well above the baseline average. And that means Americans are voting with their feet. They're ignoring the orders. They're breaking their isolation. Last week on the show, we talked to a New Jersey gym owner called Ian Smith. Smith vowed to reopen his gym on Monday, no matter what. So Smith wasn't joking. His gym reopened, and a big crowd arrived when it did. The police arrived, too. Here's what happened next. Kind of a touching exchange. A happy ending. But it didn't last long. The police, as you just heard, preferred to leave citizens in peace. They weren't hurting anybody. But then their supervisors forced them to return with threats.
https://www.foxnews.com/entertainment/mark-ruffalo-attack-ad-donald-trump-coronavirus|4 days ago|Mark Ruffalo shares attack ad blaming President Trump for coronavirus failures|shared a video laying the blame for deaths in the United States on . The 52-year-old actor shared a video produced by The Lincoln Project, a PAC founded by that is dedicated to ensuring Donald Trump does not secure a second term in office this November. The “ ” actor shared the video along with a caption urging Republicans to separate themselves from “Trumpism.” “Some Republicans see the writing on the wall. They are delineating themselves from toxic Trumpism," . The video features a woman’s voice laying out what the political action committee believes to be Trump’s flaws in leadership during the COVID-19 pandemic, with text over an image of his face. “Nearly 10,000 more Americans will die; 90,000 deaths and growing. Millions more will file for unemployment. Small businesses are dying. We’re not testing enough. It’s still spreading,” the narrator says. “Here’s what else is coming this week. He will lie to you over and over. He will tweet instead of lead. He will blame others for his failures. Welcome to this week and the next week and the next and the next… until you do something about it.” As of Tuesday morning, the novel coronavirus had infected more than 4,817,105 people across 188 countries and territories, resulting in over 318,775 deaths. In the U.S., all 50 states plus the District of Columbia have reported confirmed cases of COVID-19, tallying over 1,508,957 illnesses and at least 90,369 deaths. Ruffalo is no stranger to taking political jabs at the president on his Twitter account. Earlier this month, he responded to a tweet in which Trump was complaining about journalists’ reporting on the Russia investigation, by on how to be a “decent leader.” “Dear @realDonaldTrump, A decent leader would put his attention on those many families and loved ones and mark the importance of their grief and loss. You dishonor these Americans by focusing on your past grievances. Be thoughtful. Just a suggestion. #BePresidential,” he wrote on May 11. Prior to the COVID-19 pandemic, the former supporter urged his Twitter followers to turn their anger to action at the voting booth this November. “One way or another we are going to #KickTrumpsA--,” the actor . “Keep your anger, fear, and love where they belong and we will win. All for one and one for all!”
https://www.foxnews.com/science/antibody-sars-patients-17-years-ago-particularly-inhibits-covid-19|4 days ago|'Particularly potent' antibody found in SARS patients from 17 years ago inhibits COVID-19, study says|As the war against the pandemic wages on, a new study has revealed that a person who recovered from SARS 17 years ago has an antibody that inhibits COVID-19. The antibody, known as S309, is "particularly potent" at targeting and disabling the spike protein in SARS-CoV-2, according to a from the University of Washington, which was involved in the research. The antibody is now being fast-tracked for development and testing at Vir Biotechnology. “Remarkably, we believe S309 likely covers the entire family of related coronaviruses, which suggests that, even as SARS-CoV-2 continues to evolve, it may be quite challenging for it to become resistant to the neutralizing activity of S309,” said Herbert “Skip” Virgin, M.D., Ph.D., Chief Scientific Officer of Vir, in a separate . “In addition, S309 exhibits potent effector function in vitro, potentially allowing the antibody to engage and recruit the rest of the immune system to kill off already infected cells. We have seen in animal models of other respiratory infections, such as influenza, that effector function significantly enhances the activity of antibodies that are already potently neutralizing.” One of the study's co-authors, David Veesler, cautioned that a lot of work needs to be done before S309 could help COVID-19 patients, as the study was conducted in a lab setting. “We still need to show that this antibody is protective in living systems, which has not yet been done,” Veesler said in the UW statement. Nonetheless, S309's ability to disable the spike proteins in SARS-CoV-2 could prove valuable either by itself, or as a "multiple antibody cocktail approach." The researchers discovered that when S309 was combined with other "weaker antibodies" identified in the SARS patient, who has been observed since 2004, the neutralization of COVID-19 was "enhanced." "Antibody cocktails including S309 along with other antibodies identified here further enhanced SARS-CoV-2 neutralization and may limit the emergence of neutralization-escape mutants," the authors wrote in the study. "These results pave the way for using S309- and S309-containing antibody cocktails for prophylaxis in individuals at high risk of exposure or as a post-exposure therapy to limit or treat severe disease." Two clinical drug trials, in conjunction with GlaxoSmithKline, of genetically engineered versions of S309 are expected to get underway this summer. The research has been published in the scientific journal . Currently, there is no known scientific cure for the disease known as COVID-19, however, a number of are being tested to see if they can treat it. As of Tuesday morning, more than 4.82 million coronavirus cases have been diagnosed worldwide, more than 1.51 million of which are in the U.S., the most impacted country on the planet.
https://www.foxnews.com/media/epidemiologist-anti-lockdown-video-removed-youtube|4 days ago|Renowned epidemiologist's anti-lockdown video removed from YouTube|A renowned epidemiologist told the “ ” on Monday that a video he posted on YouTube questioning the effectiveness of widespread amid the pandemic was removed for violating “community standards.” Dr. Knut Wittkowski, an epidemiologist who was the head of Biostatistics, Epidemiology, and Research Design at The Rockefeller University's Center for Clinical and Translational Science, Host Laura Ingraham noted that his video was viewed nearly 1.5 million times and asked Wittkowski why he thinks “there is so much pushback to your line of thinking?” “Because I think so many people have invested so much of their ego and so they have a problem acknowledging that maybe it was a little bit too much,” he said in response. He went onto say that “what we see here is that now so many people are directly or indirectly depending on money from the government.” “This in itself is restricting freedom of speech,” he continued. On Monday Wittkowski also reacted to comments made by the director of the Center for Health Security at Johns Hopkins University's Bloomberg School for Public Health, during an NBC interview where he defended the stay-at-home orders. “Lockdowns were necessary. They actually have changed the course of the epidemic in the United States,” Inglesby said. “We have the largest epidemic in the world -- five times as many cases as any other part of the world -- and you can see over time the curve is moving the right direction. “We needed to get control of this epidemic in the country and now reset,” he added, but Wittkowski pushed back on that conclusion. “What we see in Europe is among all the different countries, with the exception of Britain where it took a bit longer for the virus to get in, all the other countries in Europe, the course is more or less the same and it doesn’t really matter whether they restricted the freedom of the people, when they did it and when they released it,” Wittkowski explained. “In those [countries] who released it early like Denmark and [sic] Germany there is no rebound so there is no evidence that the shutdown actually had any effect.” Ingraham noted that the respiratory illness “had a six-month arc and then it was gone” and asked Wittkowski if he thinks it will be a similar case as it pertains to COVID-19. “Respiratory disease epidemics, and this is just one of those, they come and last about two weeks, they peak and they go for about two weeks,” Wittkowski said in response. “So in a large country it lasts a bit longer and in a smaller country a bit shorter, but after three, four, five weeks, the whole thing is over. “We have immunity and we don’t have to think about it anymore,” he continued. In a statement sent to Fox News Ivy Choi, a YouTube spokesperson, said: “We quickly remove flagged content that violates our Community Guidelines, including content that explicitly disputes the efficacy of global or local healthy authority recommended guidance on social distancing that may lead others to act against that guidance. We are committed to continue providing timely and helpful information at this critical time.”
https://www.foxnews.com/media/judge-andrew-napolitano-more-people-should-challenge-lockdowns-like-american-hero-ian-smith|4 days ago|Judge Napolitano: Lockdowns are 'unlawful incursions' on personal freedom, more businesses should resist|Judge Andrew Napolitano called a business owner an “American hero and national treasure” for the state’s "unconstitutional" stay-at-home orders. “We need more people to resist these unlawful incursions into freedom by the governors,” Napolitano told ” on Monday. Napolitano's comments came after – the owner of Atilis Gym in Bellmawr – said that after three months of complying with the Garden State’s stay-at-home order to help mitigate the spread of the , residents and business owners are “sick and tired" of their rights being "trampled." Smith vowed to keep opening up throughout the week, even if police tried to intervene. When police arrived on the scene, Smith was told he was in violation of the order, but the officer then told everyone to "have a nice day," allowing the gym to open as planned. The crowd then erupted in cheers and people chanted "U.S.A." Police officers returned later Monday to issue the gym a summons for violating the governor's mandate. Napolitano also said that Wisconsin Democratic Gov. Tony Evers was “right” to concede defeat in the battle with the Republican-led state legislature over coronavirus restrictions. Last week, the Wisconsin Supreme Court ruled that Evers’ administration overstepped its authority by extending the lockdown order, which originally took effect in March, from its original end date of April 24 until May 26 without consulting legislators. The 4-to-3 ruling essentially reopened the state, lifting caps on the size of gatherings, allowing people to travel as they pleased and allowing shuttered businesses to reopen, including bars and restaurants. Patrons immediately flooded to bars within hours of the decision. “The law in Wisconsin says if you want to shut things down for more than 28 days, you have to get the consent of the legislature and he didn’t do it.” Napolitano said he believes the same will happen in Oregon as lawmakers are facing similar tensions, explaining that governors lack the authority for most of the lockdown restrictions. "You can have demonstrations, you can assemble peacefully, you can travel where you want, you just need courage like Ian Smith and like the people who challenged the governors in Oregon and Wisconsin."
https://www.foxnews.com/world/tropical-cyclone-amphan-india-bangladesh-super-cyclone-extreme-weather-storm|4 days ago|Super Cyclone Amphan spurs evacuation of millions in India, Bangladesh ahead of 'disastrous' storm|Millions of people have been ordered to from coastal areas of and ahead of a that's already tied a record for the strongest in the region. is forecast to make landfall Wednesday morning near the border of the two countries. Forecasters warn of from high winds, heavy rainfall, tidal waves, and some in crowded cities like Kolkata. “This type of cyclone can be disastrous ... It is completely unsafe,” India’s meteorological chief Mrutyunjay Mohapatra said Tuesday. Amphan had sustained winds around 126 mph on Tuesday, the equivalent of a Category 3 hurricane in the Atlantic, according to the . The storm is forecast to weaken before landfall around India’s West Bengal state and Bangladesh. The storm rapidly intensified from 75 mph to 160 mph in just 24 hours from Sunday to Monday, strengthening from a Category 1 to a Category 5 equivalent storm on the . The storm's winds then increased to 165 mph. Colorado State University research scientist Phil Klotzbach said that Amphan's powerful winds tied it with Gonu in 2007 for the strongest tropical cyclone on record in the North Indian Ocean since 1972. It is the second super cyclone on record that has formed over the Bay of Bengal, Mohapatra told the Associated Press. The first of that classification was the devastating 1999 cyclone in Odisha state that left nearly 10,000 dead. Amphan's winds are whirling 435 miles from its eye as it approaches land. The storm is forecast to pass between the seaside resort town of Digha in India’s West Bengal state and Hatiya Island in Bangladesh with a weaker wind speed of between 102 and 108 mph. Forecasters have warned that Amphan could bring 10 to 16 feet of storm surge. India's Meteorological Department (IMD) a red alert for heavy rain and strong winds in West Bengal. The eye of the storm is likely to pass through the Sunderban mangrove forests, one of the largest single tracts of mangrove forests in the world. The forests are likely to absorb some impact of the cyclone, officials said. Officials in India said they are moving families to more than 1,000 shelters in government offices and educational centers, in addition to hastily converting coronavirus quarantine centers into cyclone shelters. "We have just about six hours left to evacuate people from their homes and we also have to maintain social distancing norms...the cyclone could wash away thousands of huts and standing crop,” S.G. Rai, an official in federal disaster management office on Tuesday. Videos and photos from India and Bangladesh showed families near the coast or in other flood-prone areas being evacuated to cyclone shelters. Some carried bags with their belongings and all had their faces covered to protect against the virus. Officials went from village to village with loudspeakers warning people of the storm. The Meteorological Department in Bangladesh said the cyclone could flood vast spans in southwestern and southern Bangladesh from tidal waves 4 to 5 feet higher than normal, along with heavy rainfall and high wind. Bangladesh's disaster management minister told the BBC that it plans to evacuate about 2 million people. Officials there that extra shelters have been prepared to allow for social distancing and that masks are also being distributed in light of coronavirus concerns. Junior Minister for Disaster Management and Relief Enamur Rahman told the Associated Press that more than 50,000 people in Bangladesh had already been evacuated in Satkhira district, which was devastated by a 2009 cyclone. Rahman said he ordered local authorities to prepare thousands of shelters to protect up to 2.2 million people. Authorities suspended all river transport, including ferry service, across the delta nation, crisscrossed by more than 130 rivers. After reaching land, the cyclone is expected to move away fast and weaken by Thursday.
https://www.foxnews.com/media/nj-gym-owner-defying-coronavirus-state-health-order|4 days ago|NJ gym owner cited by cops after reopening, says defiance of lockdown is 'for all small businesses'|A owner who opened this week in defiance of health and safety measures is standing resolute in his convictions that the decision to shutter small businesses like his is a matter. In an interview on with host Steve Doocy, Atillis Gym co-owner said Tuesday that he was not worried about receiving a charge to appear in court from on Monday because his team is "prepared for anything." "You know, we had informed all of our members that there is a possibility that when they step in the door that they can be fined...But, we went ahead and we were proactive and the people involved -- some of the members and volunteers -- have set up a GoFundMe. And, our lawyer has decided to represent anybody who gets charged," he explained. "So, we’re all in this together." Shortly after Smith opened his , drawing a crowd of supporters who gathered outside the gym in protest of Democratic Gov. Phil Murphy's stay-at-home mandate, local law enforcement arrived on the scene. Gym management said they had taken several steps to ensure social distancing and taken other precautions, such as taping off workout stations and operating at 20 percent of the building’s capacity. Smith was told he was in violation of Murphy's order, but an officer then told the crowd to "have a nice day," allowing the gym to open as planned. Officers later returned to the scene and served the gym owners with a disorderly conduct summons. A June court date has been scheduled and Smith could face a $2,000 fine and six months in jail "You know, we understand that at the end of the day they are doing their jobs and I sympathize with them for having to do something that they may not have wanted to do," Smith remarked. Despite warnings from who urge that gyms will only increase the chance of exposure to the deadly , Smith told Doocy that his protest was mainly about his constitutional rights. "We said it from the get-go that this was about sort of a gross violation of our constitutional rights and that this is for all small businesses," he continued further. "We are all hurting in this time," Smith said. "And, this was about showing that small businesses can be responsible because we care and we can present a plan that is workable. And, we are flexible [in] changing that plan and adapting it. And, if we need to add even more safety measures, we are more than happy to do so."
https://www.foxnews.com/entertainment/joan-collins-criticizes-uk-government-discrimination-ageism-coronavirus-crisis|4 days ago|Joan Collins criticizes UK government for 'utter discrimination' and 'ageism' of citizens over age 70 amid coronavirus crisis|is not at all pleased with the U.K. government's treatment of citizens over 70 during the pandemic. The 86-year-old actress blasted her country's government in a piece for The Spectator magazine in which she criticizes leaders for lumping together all individuals over age 70 for being the most at-risk of developing complications from COVID-19. Collins called out the government for using a number of "horrible" expressions to define her age group such as referring to adults over age 70 as "overseventies" and deeming them the "vulnerables" of society despite many, like her, having "no health issues." "But more harmful was bolstering the existing belief among the general public (and prospective employers) that the old should keep out of everyone’s way," Collins writes in an extract from her Spectator Diary from this week's . Collins shared that she witnessed this "ageism" first hand when she was informed by "Good Morning Britain" host that they should cancel their scheduled dinner because he "didn't want to be responsible" for her "untimely death." Additionally, she shared her friend Christopher Biggins was "accosted twice by 'coronanags' yelling that someone of his age should be at home." Collins argued that the elderly should not be defined by their age and it's something she refuses to start doing now. "I married a man three decades younger, and at my last check-up my GP said I was 'stunningly healthy,'" the star pens. "I am lucky to possess enormous energy and enthusiasm for life." She claimed there has been hypocrisy from the government for giving the elderly a bad rap among other groups who are susceptible to developing complications from the novel coronavirus. "We are not allowed to refer to people as fat and yet it has now been proven that to be obese (almost one third of the UK population) is one of the major contributing factors in Covid deaths. However, if the government had dared to propose that they too should remain confined it would cause outrage," she adds. The lists on its website that COVID-19 is "often more severe in people who are older than 60 years" or for those who have pre-existing health conditions such as lung or heart disease, diabetes or conditions that affect their immune systems.
https://www.foxnews.com/media/teen-empowering-kindergarteners-with-virtual-reading-in-underserved-communities-amid-covid-19|4 days ago|Teen empowers kindergartners with virtual reading in underserved communities amid COVID-19|Nya Marshall is a high school junior in New York City juggling family, at-home learning and AP classes amid the coronavirus pandemic. Marshall has not let a pandemic, however, deter her drive to help her community during a time of crisis. The 17-year-old created a program that pairs teens with kindergarteners at a charter school in Harlem for a virtual reading experience while they are stuck at home. “The basis of my program, the Buddy Reading Program, was to be able to make these students smile through COVID-19 and beyond that,” Marshall told Fox News. “I really want my program to be a template to be used after I graduate high school and far beyond, and, hopefully, for an in-person version after the pandemic is over.” Marshall was able to secure funding for her program through the Bronx Council branch of , a foundation centered around kindness and empathy that provides teen leaders with capital to develop programs that positively impact their communities. Ian Sandler and his wife, Mackenzie, started the foundation in 2014 in memory of their 9-year-old daughter and have been working to empower others ever since. The foundation created a COVID fund for teens who are working to make a difference during this challenging time. Sandler explained to Fox News why Marshall’s program stood out. “Nya is a passionate, natural leader who sees the positive side of every situation,” said Sandler. “Her project is unique because it exemplifies who she is an empathetic leader and highlights our values of kindness and connection.” Marshall said that her goal was to target young students in a school in an underprivileged community and that Riley's Way had a great partnership with the Sisulu-Walker School in Harlem. Marshall was able to coordinate with principal Michelle Haynes on what she thought would be the most effective program. “[It] really came down to connection-making and the importance of forming bonds through COVID-19,” Marshall explained. “These students are really young, 85 percent of their families live below the poverty line, and the pandemic has made it even worse for a lot of these families, considering that the majority of them have parents who are essential workers, and a few of these students have experienced homelessness in their lifetime.” Principal Haynes explained to Fox News that Marshall’s Buddy Reading Program will nurture the critical skill of literacy, and is grateful the teens in the program are giving their time to such an important cause. “There is a profound correlation between poverty and illiteracy,” said Haynes. “At Sisulu-Walker, we believe that literacy is everything and everywhere, and we strive to ensure poverty is not a barrier to literacy development. The Buddy Reading Program in partnership with the Riley’s Way Foundation will create a unique opportunity for our kindergarteners to continue to develop important literacy skills in a fun and engaging way while making meaningful connections with teens.” Marshall added that the teens will be reading stories that are written by authors of color, so the kindergartners can see themselves represented in the books. “One of my other passions is highlighting children's books written by authors of color because, for myself, my passion for reading came from really being able to see myself in books and feeling my voice was heard,” said Marshall. “My parents read me children's books where I would see myself in the pages. I really wanted to provide the opportunity to these young students, so they could feel an even greater connection to reading.” For more on Nya Marshall and the Buddy Reading Program, watch the full video above.
https://www.foxnews.com/science/researchers-florida-shocked-find-ultra-rare-metallic-blue-bees|4 days ago|Researchers in Florida 'shocked' to find ultra rare blue bee thought to possibly be extinct|Researchers in rediscovered a metallic that was deemed so rare, scientists weren't sure it still existed, according to a report this month. Chase Kimmel, a postdoctoral researcher at the Florida Museum of Natural History rediscovered the bee on March 9, which was the first time one had been spotted since 2016. "We observed a shiny little blue bee grabbing (an Ashe's calamint flower) and rubbing its head on the top portion of the flower 2-3 times," Kimmel's statement said, according to the . "That behavior is unusual and a unique characteristic of the blue calamintha bee: 'We were pretty shocked to see it.'" The blue calamintha bee -- or -- is known for having unusual facial hairs that it uses to collect pollen, the museum wrote in a release. It's especially rare because it collects pollen on its face, and depends on another threatened species -- a blooming plant known as Ashe’s calamint. “This is a highly specialized and localized bee,” said Kimmel's advisor, Jaret Daniels, director of the museum’s McGuire Center for Lepidoptera and Biodiversity. More of the rare bees have been spotted since then, but further research has been impacted due to the coronavirus pandemic. The bee's flight season occurs from about mid-March until early May, which is usually the best time to find the live insects and determine its range, the release . Unfortunately, some of the state's travel restrictions were implemented during that time period. “It’s a very time-limited flight. Now is when the bulk of that activity has to take place,” said Daniels. “Chase is doing a fantastic job and we’re getting a lot of great data, but if it wasn’t for the COVID-19 virus we would have had more people in the field, so it has definitely scaled back what we’re able to do.” The bee is thought to live only in the Lake Wales Ridge region of Central Florida, "a globally recognized biodiversity hotspot and one of the nation’s fastest-disappearing ecosystems," according to a 2015 U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service report. The ridge is characterized today by patches of pine scrub among the orange groves along U.S. Route 27, according to the release. The Florida Museum says the bee was first described in 2011. It had only been recorded in four locations at Lake Wales Ridge, prior to this year's rediscovery by Kimmel. In 2019, Florida's State Wildlife Action Plan listed the insect under the " ." Kimmel added that his objective over the next year is to record the bee in as many locations as possible to determine its range and increase the understanding of its biology. “I was open to the possibility that we may not find the bee at all so that first moment when we spotted it in the field was really exciting,” he said, according to the release.
https://www.foxnews.com/opinion/coronavirus-quarantine-2-ways-make-through-suzanne-hadley-gosselin|4 days ago|Suzanne Hadley Gosselin: Coronavirus quarantine weariness — 2 ways to help you make it through|is getting old. In many places, restrictions are beginning to lift, but it’s clear we’re nowhere close to returning to business as usual. In parts of , the stay-at-home order is now expected to last through July. I miss going to the beach. I miss traveling to see my parents. I miss hair appointments and sitting in a restaurant and walking mindlessly through a store. I am fully aware of how superficial my wish list sounds in light of a pandemic. But I just wish the would go away. The first six weeks of staying at home felt purposeful. We were working together to flatten the curve so we could return to normal life. While technically that still may be the case, the season of unknowns seems to be lengthening daily with reports that the crisis may not be resolved for two years or more. In the absence of actionable solutions and a clear blueprint of the future, feelings of hopelessness can set in. We may or may not take that long-planned summer vacation. Our children may or may not return to school in the fall. Will our church meet together again in 2020 or 2021? Living in these uncertain times is exhausting. The new has worn off and many of us are in desperate need of a quarantine reset. Here’s are two things I think can help. During the past few months, I’ve been living in survival mode, missing my old life and doing everything I can to get back to it. With projections of “the worst being over” sometime next year, it’s time to adapt to the new normal and establish routines that will withstand months not days. During the sixth century BCE, the Jewish people were exiled from their country and living in captivity. Their circumstances seemed bleak, and there was no way they could go back to their former lives. Through Jeremiah the prophet, God gave them this message: “Build houses and live in them; plant gardens and eat their produce” (Jeremiah 29:5). Essentially, “keep living.” That solution is deceptively simple, but it requires an intentional choice. Last week, Los Angeles Mayor Eric Garcetti said, “We’re not moving past COVID-19, we’re learning to live with it.” For many, that’s a tough pill to swallow. With the novelty of quarantine long gone, we must find a new way forward. And Jeremiah offers us this encouragement: “For I know the plans I have for you,” declares the Lord, “plans to prosper you and not to harm you, plans to give you hope and a future” (29:11). Even in prolonged seasons of adversity and unknowns, we can find hope. Instead of viewing the coronavirus as the end of something, maybe we need to view it as a starting point. Every day my third-grade son, who is on the spectrum, tells me, “I want to go back to school.” “I know you do, Buddy,” I say. As much as I wish I could grant his request and right all that’s wrong in his little world, I can’t. That’s when I notice a grin spreading across his face. “School is closed,” he says in a sing-song voice followed by a belly laugh. I pull him in for a hug and know he’s going to be OK. We’re going to be OK.
https://www.foxnews.com/lifestyle/how-color-your-hair-at-home-mistakes-to-avoid|4 days ago|How to color your hair at home — and common mistakes to avoid|Hey America! Your roots are showing. As the nation weathers the and remains largely at home in the fight against COVID-19, citizens have had to sacrifice some of their day-to-day activities — e.g., , , visiting the salon — for the good of their communities. But just because you’re stuck at home, it doesn’t mean you can’t whip up a , get in a , and yes, touch up your own roots. , a professional hairstylist with The Salon Project at Saks Fifth Avenue in New York City, recently shared some of her hair coloring expertise with Fox News, but she warns that not all dye jobs are as easy to achieve. “I first recommend to do some research on what kind of color [a person] should be using, and if the look that they receive from a professional hair colorist is achievable from a drugstore box [as] very few are,” Ferrara tells Fox News. “If someone is looking to just cover their gray roots on a medium brown hair color, that is much easier to achieve than a double-process blonde, or a natural-looking redhead.” “Never attempt a double-process blonde or anything dealing with lightener, or bleach, at home,” Ferrara warns. She’s also against any drastic changes to hair color (going from very dark to light, or very light to dark), as it’s a tricky process, and not without “its fair share of hijinks.” It’s worth finding out if your favorite stylist or salon is offering at-home touch-up kits, which they can recommend based on your hair color. Ferrara, for instance, is currently offering for clients via the mail, along with detailed instructions for achieving your desired look at home. If you’re at the drugstore, however, just make sure you’re choosing the right products. For starters, Ferrara recommends using a semi-permanent hair coloring for anyone merely aiming to cover up grays. “This way, if the color turns out less than optimal it can more easily be corrected once your colorist is back behind the chair,” she says. “Also, be sure to choose a color a shade or a half-shade lighter than you think your hair color is, a lot of box dyes end up too dark and often over-saturated.” While you’re out, you might as well pick up some gloves and a good hair or face cream for the next steps, because things are about to get a little messy. Ferrara recommends making a “barrier” around your hairline with face or hand cream before getting down to business, so the skin around your hairline doesn’t get stained with dye. Next, put on those gloves, grab a brush, and brush your hair until it’s free of any knots or tangles. After brushing, divide your hair into four sections, using hair clips to keep them all separate. (In a video tutorial shared by Ferrara, she first parts her hair down the middle before dividing each side into front and back “quadrants” on each side.) Maybe wear an old towel around your shoulders, too, to catch any dye that may drip from your brush or bottle. Now for the dye: Using an application brush, start by applying dye to the front of your hairline, trying to avoid the skin on your forehead and face. Next, move onto the middle part, evenly applying dye back along the part, as this is “where the most dense area of gray” usually is, she says. Once finished with that section, Ferrara recommends using a hair separator to work horizontally down the side of your head towards the ear, applying dye every ¼ to ½-inch as you go. (Ferrara says this method also works when applying with a bottle — just “use your fingers to blend the product into the roots.”) After finishing with the front quadrants, Ferrara recommends “outlining” the back two quadrants with dye at the hairline (after applying a face cream to the hairline, of course) before working through each section horizontally, little by little. When finished, Ferrara uses one more application of dye on the hairline before brushing all hair out of the face and wiping away any dye from the skin with a cotton ball moistened with astringent or warm water. All that’s left to do now is set a timer, wait for the dye to do its job, and then rinse in the shower. (Ferrara advises keeping the gloves on, and using the fingertips to gently rub the scalp until the water runs clear.) Shampoo twice, condition once with an ultra-hydrating conditioner, then dry and style as you normally do. Ferrara is a proponent of haircare vitamins, like Vitafusion’s Gorgeous Hair Skin and Nail Gummies, for keeping hair in “optimal shape,” whether dyeing it or not. Regularly using a hydrating deep conditioner is key, too, especially if using the generic drugstore brand of dyes. As for maintaining your color, Ferrara says folks can continue to dye at home at any intervals they’re comfortable with, but wouldn’t recommend more frequently than every two weeks. People can also choose to just touch-up certain areas where most grays usually show. “The hairline and the parting are the most visible portions of new growth mostly because it is what frames the face and splits down the scalp. The hairline can be especially visible when the hair is tied back,” she says. “In men, the sideburns and the temples tend to be the first gray areas to show.” Finally, be sure to reach out to your stylist once salons reopen for any cut or coloring needs you couldn't pull off at home. After all, they're missing you as much as you miss them.
https://www.foxnews.com/sports/nfl-surgical-n95-material-helmets-combat-coronavirus|4 days ago|NFL looking to use surgical or N95 material with helmets to combat coronavirus, union's medical director says|The and the sports equipment company Oakley are working on face masks that could contain surgical or N95 material in an attempt to prevent the spread of the , the NFL Players Association’s medical director said Monday. Dr. Thom Mayer told on Monday he’s expecting a recommendation that the NFL could use some kind of mask to protect players from the illness when the league starts the 2020 season. “Back in early March, I had suggested that we should consider novel and emerging ways to handle the helmets and the face masks and the spread of the virus,” Mayer said. “And these guys, the bioengineers that we use and that the league uses -- Oakley, as you may or may not know, does all the face visors for the league under contract -- these guys got the bit between their teeth.” While Mayer said he wasn’t sure how the new face masks would look, he believes the designs could cover the player’s entire face mask. “They've got some prototypes. They're doing really good work,” Mayer said. “Some of them, when you first look at them, you think, 'Gosh, no' 'cause you're not used to seeing it. You're just not used to seeing it. But they're looking at every issue you can imagine, including when it fogs up. What do we do with that? But these guys are used to dealing with this stuff.” The NFL is still set on starting play in September even as the three other major professional sports leagues are in limbo. NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell announced that virtual workouts will continue through May. Coaching and training staff have worked with the players by conducting classroom instruction and on-field activities through digital applications instead of at team facilities, which have been closed since late March. Those virtual meetings can occur for four hours per day, four days a week.
https://video.foxnews.com/v/6157671229001/|__clean_error__|__clean_error__|
https://video.foxnews.com/v/6157681707001/|__clean_error__|__clean_error__|
https://www.foxnews.com/politics/trump-tells-governors-feds-will-step-in-if-government-disagrees-with-state-reopening-plans|4 days ago|Trump tells governors feds 'will step in' if government disagrees with state reopening plans|told governors on a conference call Monday that he "will step in" if the federal government disagrees with reopening plans, as he largely expressed satisfaction with how the are moving to lift coronavirus restrictions in their individual states, according to a . Trump, whose administration last month for when states should begin lifting stay-at-home orders and other social distancing measures meant to slow the spread of the virus, has vocally pushed for the rapid reopening of the economy. The president said in an interview with Fox Business' Maria Bartiromo last week that his critics want the economy to remain shuttered until the November election, calling Democrats' reluctance to lift the coronavirus measures "a political thing." "The governors are making their decisions, and want to make their decisions, and that's the way I want it to, and we will step in if we see something going wrong, or if we disagree, and some people say that's nice, and some people say I shouldn't be doing that, but we're going to do it if we see something wrong," Trump said to the governors Monday, according to audio of the call obtained by . Trump continued: "If you have any problem, let me know please, but it seems that the governors are largely happy. And I think I can say extraordinarily happy with respect to what we've done." The conference call was part of a weekly series of calls between the president and the governors, and in Monday's teleconference first lady Melania Trump joined to ask governors to also focus on "mental health and how we can partner with each of your states to support all Americans — especially children." The president has been at the center of controversy for weeks about how rapidly the U.S. economy should reopen in the face of the pandemic. In a March interview on a Fox News , Trump indicated that he wanted to see the economy reopen by Easter, a milestone that came and went before most states started gradually lifting even some of their coronavirus restrictions. The restrictions, which are keeping students home from school, nonessential workers out of the office and many businesses shuttered, took a massive toll on the economy — tanking the stock market, causing approximately 36 million people to lose their and leading to a string of bankruptcies of major businesses like which were already weak before the pandemic hit. The White House's reopening guidelines suggest states see two full weeks of an uninterrupted decline in positive coronavirus tests before moving on to the first stage of reopening, something National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases (NIAID) Director Anthony Fauci has emphasized as important. He warned in Senate testimony last week that moving to open too early would lead to avoidable "suffering and death." Also in his testimony, Fauci didn't exactly take a stance on whether or not schools should be able to reopen in the fall, but said a vaccine's development would not play into whether or not states should make the move to get kids back in classrooms. Trump, in his interview with Bartiromo, appeared to take issue with Fauci's cautious tone on schools. "So [Fauci] is a good person, a very good person — I've disagreed with him,” Trump said. “We have to get the schools open, we have to get our country open, we have to open our country. Now we want to do it safely, but we also want to do it as quickly as possible, we can't keep going on like this … You're having bedlam already in the streets, you can't do this. We have to get it open. I totally disagree with him on schools." Meanwhile, Democratic governors have sought to keep their restrictions in place, citing public health concerns, despite prodding from the president and protesters gathering to call for the reopening of their states' economies. "I’ve been focused on doing my job, and I’m going to keep doing that and I’m not going to apologize about that. I’m not changing the way I run this state because of some protests," Michigan Gov. Gretchen Whitmer said in an with Fox News on Monday. "We are in the third phase of a six-phase process to bring life back to normal,” she said. “But we have to be careful as we’ve had a really bad experience with COVID-19." But in the state next door to Whitmer's, the Wisconsin Supreme Court last week Democratic Gov. Tony Evers’ coronavirus restrictions, saying his administration overstepped its bounds by imposing them unilaterally. Evers lamented the court's decision in a statement after the ruling was issued. "Republican legislators have convinced 4 justices to throw our state into chaos," he said. "We cannot let today's ruling undo all the work we have done and all the sacrifices Wisconsinites have made over these past few months." As of Monday, every state in the U.S. has taken at least some limited reopening measures, with Connecticut and Massachusetts moving the slowest but with plans to expand their reopening in the next week. Only Washington, D.C., is still almost entirely shut down.
https://www.foxnews.com/lifestyle/kim-kardashian-skims-shapewear-brand-face-masks|4 days ago|Kim Kardashian's SKIMS shapewear brand releases line of face masks|From waist trainers to face-savers. On Saturday, ‘s launched its first collection of seamless face masks “inspired by the brand’s signature Solutionwear.” Priced at $8 a pop (or four for $25) and that match the label’s bodysuits, briefs, bike shorts and bras, the nonmedical masks sold out in under an hour but will be restocked next week. In a press release, SKIMS announced that it is also donating 10,000 masks to four different charities: Baby2Baby, Good+ Foundation, LA Food Bank and National Domestic Workers Alliance. In late March, Kardashian’s shapewear brand also to families impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic. “Our six-month anniversary has fallen in the middle of a global crisis so more than ever, it’s our responsibility to give back and do what we can to help others,” the 39-year-old star shared in a press release at the time.
https://www.foxnews.com/opinion/pelosi-3-trillion-coronavirus-relief-washington-elites-cal-thomas|4 days ago|Cal Thomas: Pelosi's $3 trillion coronavirus relief package tells you this about Washington elites|In the pantheon of great lines suitable for induction into “Bartlett’s Familiar Quotations” is Speaker ’s 2010 comment about Obamacare: “We have to pass the bill so that you can find out what is in it.” While that seemed outrageous and even comical to many at the time it has become an all-too-familiar pattern for legislators who focus more on TV appearances, fundraising and their than on the laws they pass without reading them first. The latest bank-breaking measure to narrowly pass the (even some Democrats voted against it) is a $3 trillion package styled “coronavirus relief.” It is more than 1,800 pages long. The disingenuous title is an effort to position it as something that will be more acceptable than honest descriptions such as “boondoggle” and “vote buying.” The package is supposed to help people struggling due to lost jobs and closed businesses, but it is more favorable to Democrat constituencies and left-leaning interest groups that rely on their party for bailouts. There have been efforts, especially in recent years, to lengthen the time between when a bill is written (usually by staff members and lobbyists) and when members vote on it, giving everyone plenty of time to read the bill. The latest stimulus bill is only the most recent example of what happens when that doesn’t take place. Passed by the slim margin of 208 to 199 – an argument for a Republican House majority in the coming election – the measure contains significant amounts of cash for states with Democratic governors and legislatures, which have misspent taxpayer money and now find themselves in deep debt. Commenting on efforts to allow more time for members of Congress to read bills before voting on them, Quentin Kidd, Department of Political Science professor at Newport University has said: “I, unfortunately, don’t think that members of Congress will use that time reading the bill. They will use that time doing other things, and they will continue to do what most of them do right now, which is to pay attention to their staff or listen to what lobbyists say.” Among the many outrageous components of this latest bill, as if $3 trillion we don’t have and must be borrowed isn’t outrageous enough, is a provision that gives money to Democrats’ newest constituency, non-citizens or undocumented immigrants, which is how Democrats like to refer to them, who now have tax identification numbers. In saying the bill is “dead on arrival,” Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, R-Ky., added, “It’s a parade of absurdities that can hardly be taken seriously.” And yet part of it will be taken seriously. Even McConnell acknowledged the inevitability of more spending (he’s also up for reelection) when he told The Wall Street Journal another bill is probably necessary. Whatever the Senate negotiates with the House will certainly add to the previous $2 trillion measure, which didn’t trickle down to some of the neediest individuals and small businesses, but contained horror stories such as checks going to dead people or to multimillion-dollar businesses or millionaires who didn’t need it. Rapper and reality TV star Maurice Fayne, aka “Arkansas Mo,” received $2 million. According to the U.K. Daily Mail, Fayne spent part of it on a Rolls Royce, a Rolex watch and child support, rather than retaining workers in his transportation business. He had applied for $3 million, so perhaps the government can claim it saved money. Thankfully, Fayne has been arrested, but will he be forced to return what remains of the money? Anyone curious as to why in March the Gallup poll found public disapproval of Congress at 74 percent (it was 64 percent in April possibly because of the stimulus money) need look no further than the way the professional class operates. In too many instances, they act more in their own self-interest instead of the long-term public good.
https://www.foxnews.com/politics/coronavirus-had-infected-hundreds-in-michigan-as-biden-sanders-campaigned-there-report-finds|4 days ago|Coronavirus had infected hundreds in Michigan as Biden, Sanders campaigned there, report finds|Hundreds of residents were likely already infected with the around the same time former Vice President Joe Biden, Sen. Bernie Sanders, I-Vt., and other prominent Democrats ramped up campaigning just days before the state's crucial presidential primary. Data from the state's Department of Health and Human Services suggests that at least 365 Michigan residents had symptoms of COVID-19 before the March 10 primary, reported on Monday. At least 13 individuals who later tested positive began feeling symptoms on March 1. As the coronavirus was already working its way around the state unreported, Sanders held seven Michigan campaign events in the four days before the primary, while Biden held three events on March 9. One of Biden's events was a rally at Detroit Renaissance High School attended by Gov. Gretchen Whitmer and Sens. Cory Booker, D-N.J., and Kamala Harris, D-Calif. Similarly, President Trump held a campaign rally in Charlotte, N.C., on March 2. Contact tracers were unable to confirm if any of the people infected with COVID-19 had been at the campaign events in Michigan. But political rallies may not be the only culprit that had a hand in spreading the virus. On March 7, 16,000 fans gathered at the Little Caesars Arena to watch the Utah Jazz play the Detroit Pistons. The pandemic escalated quickly, and Whitmer banned gatherings larger than 250 people on March 13, then confirmed the state's first case of the virus the very next day. Michigan has suffered 4,891 deaths from the coronavirus since March and 51,142 people have been infected. Whitmer has said that little good can come if we "relitigate every event that occurred in the month or two leading up to our first cases. "I just acknowledge that we now know that any public gathering is a bad idea," Whitmer told The Detroit News in April. The Democratic governor has faced intense pressure from her state as protesters flocked to the street demanding she reopen the economy after she extended lockdown restrictions until May 28.
https://www.foxnews.com/opinion/after-coronavirus-college-football-by-september-more-newt-gingrich|4 days ago|Newt Gingrich: After coronavirus – College football by September and more. Here's how|I was asked recently if I thought we would be able to watch this fall. My flippant answer: “I couldn’t tell my good friend Randy Evans (the U.S. ambassador to Luxembourg) that his beloved would not be playing in Athens this fall, so yes, we will have college football.” Then I got to thinking about . It is a commentary on the dominance of the dire, defeatist public health pundits that whether there will be football more than 100 days from now could even be a question. The question instead should be: “How will we operate so that all sports – college football, professional baseball, professional football, etc. – can be played safely more than three months from now?” In fact, we should expect that by Labor Day baseball games will be played with socially spaced crowds, and the World Series attendance will be close to normal. Simply put: America should be addressing these challenges with a “yes, and” attitude instead of “no, because” attitude. As I am writing this, Italy is reopening stores. After nine long weeks, the Italians have begun to beat the coronavirus decisively enough to move beyond only allowing grocery stores, pharmacies and gas stations to operate. Of course, there will be initial restrictions, mask-wearing, personal spacing and other measures. On Sunday, Callista and I walked around the Villa Borghese park with thousands of people spacing themselves. There were children riding bikes, and more than a dozen little food stands were busy serving people. The workers were wearing masks and gloves. This morning, the Vatican announced St. Peter’s Basilica would be open as of Monday. We also just got the great news that my favorite restaurant, Il Matriciano, was opening tonight. We already have a reservation. The Italian prime minister apparently changed his mind on Saturday and bumped restaurant openings up to May 18 from June 1. In fact, Italy has announced that it will be open to tourists beginning in June. Similarly, Greece has announced it will be open to tourism in July. As Ambassador Evans wrote me from Luxembourg, “High schools [are] open now. I can see them every day from CMR. All schools start back on May 25. There are many countries in Europe with schools open.” When you think about the scale and complexity of the United States, the idea that there might be a nationwide ban on sports is just crazy. It might be necessary to move some games out of the most dangerous cities. But in most of the country, sporting events should be completely manageable. Yes, New York City has had more than 15,000 COVID-19 deaths. New York state has had more than 22,000 deaths. By contrast, the second-largest state in the country, Texas, has had roughly 1,300 COVID-19 deaths. Florida is the third-largest state in the county – and it has a large elderly population. Florida has had 1,900 deaths. So, New York, our fourth-largest state, has had about seven times as many COVID-19 deaths as the second- and third-largest states combined. It has also had nearly seven times as many deaths as the largest state, California. Meanwhile, Georgia Gov. Brian Kemp has led his state into a controlled reopening. So far, Georgia has had a little more than 1,600 deaths. It says something about the intense liberal and anti-Trump bias of the news media that New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo – who has presided over almost 14 times as many COVID-19 deaths as Kemp – is a hero of the media while Kemp is disparaged and attacked. The most amazing example of this clear bias was The Atlantic’s April 29 article entitled “Georgia’s Experiment in Human Sacrifice.” Let’s be clear about what’s happening. Liberals, including many in the media, would like to keep the economy closed as a key step toward defeating President Trump in November. Furthermore, liberalism has become an ideology of fear. Remember, global warming will kill us in the next decade – just as it was supposed to kill us this decade as of last decade, according to some liberals. Catastrophism has been a hallmark of the left since Stanford Professor Paul Ehrlich warned in the 1970s that Britain would starve to death by 2000 (his astonishingly wrong prediction did not cost him tenure or status as an expert in the liberal community). As Speaker Nancy Pelosi, D-Calif., just proved in her absurd $3 trillion legislation, Democrats are not interested in Americans succeeding. Democrats have become the party of noncitizens taking American jobs, American taxpayers subsidizing non-work for everyone, and a government-dominated system of decay and dependence. From a liberal standpoint, sports involve winning and losing. They often involve intensely competitive behavior that violates the socialist norm of everyone being equally mediocre, passive and dependent. The classic American “can do,” risk-taking, entrepreneurial spirit has the opposite bias from liberalism. Americans who took wagon trains west were risk-takers. Americans who invented flight were risk-takers. Americans who landed on the Moon (and now plan to go back to stay) are risk-takers. The question of restarting sports and other activities by this fall or hiding and cowering is a classic example of classic American values versus liberal values. However, there are enemies who must be defeated before we will be able to get school and professional teams back on the field – those trial lawyers who want to sue everyone they can. Europe does not face the litigation crisis about reopening that America faces. Trial lawyers play a limited role in Europe because may countries have “loser pays” systems. The kind of class action suits that would bankrupt U.S. colleges and professional teams trying to reopen simply are not a factor in Europe. So, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, R-Ky., is exactly right to insist that litigation reform protecting businesses and institutions from the destructive attack of trial lawyers must be part of the next serious COVID-19 legislation. If we really want America to bounce back – and we want to see competitive sports revived – we must insist on the McConnell litigation reform as part of the next pandemic legislation. We clearly must plan to reopen the schools and athletic facilities and get back to being a free country by Labor Day. This is the great challenge to America and to our leaders. Go Dawgs!
https://video.foxnews.com/v/6157644770001/|__clean_error__|__clean_error__|
https://video.foxnews.com/v/6157642944001/|__clean_error__|__clean_error__|
https://www.foxnews.com/opinion/coronavirus-global-challenges-remain-hot-spots-james-carafano|4 days ago|James Carafano: Amid coronavirus, global challenges remain for US – Keep eye on these 3 hot spots|When the four horseman of the apocalypse ride, and War often gallop side by side. The last time nations battled a pandemic of this scale and severity, they also were fighting a world war. Foreign mayhem doesn’t stop while we care for our sick at home. For months now, America’s headlines have dealt with little else than the COVID-19 and high-stakes politics. But there are plenty of other problems in this that might well hit American lives and livelihoods just as hard. They should not be forgotten or ignored. What about our top four antagonists going into the ? The good news is, things don’t seem to have gotten much hairier — at least for now. Yes, the U.S. and China continue the diplomatic sparring and name-calling over Beijing’s misbehavior that allowed the coronavirus to spread throughout an unsuspecting, ill-informed world. But this hasn’t escalated into anything more than that, and China’s stock around the world has dropped quite a bit. Meanwhile, Iran remains under enormous pressure. Reeling from the virus at home, its forces are being hounded by Israeli airstrikes in Syria and are increasingly unwelcome in Iraq. And matters could soon get worse for Tehran. The U.S. is ramping up pressure to extend the U.N. embargo on arms sales to Iran or reimpose “snapback” sanctions on the regime. Russia may be far more damaged by the virus than Moscow is letting on. Meanwhile, its economy has been badly battered by the plunge in oil prices. As for North Korea … it remains as inscrutable as ever. Elsewhere in the world, however, mayhem has not taken a timeout to cope with the coronavirus. Here are three places Washington needs to keep a worried eye on. Europe, as well as the U.S. has a lot riding on stability in the Greater Middle East, and Libya is highly unstable. The country remains trapped in a civil war between the forces of Gen. Khalifa Haftar, whose forces are stalled in the suburbs of Tripoli, and the interim Government of National Accord (GNA), internationally recognized as the country’s legitimate government. While the war is at a stalemate, Haftar’s forces increasingly are shelling civilian areas, perhaps taking advantage of the coronavirus lockdown to more efficiently terrorize civilians who can no longer move. Meanwhile, interested powers like Turkey, Italy, France, Russia, Egypt and the UAE, remain deeply divided. Some are even supporting mercenaries and militias; that will only help spread misery and increase the potential for the return of terrorism. It is hard to see how this gets sorted out without the U.S. playing a more prominent diplomatic role. This is not our war. But Washington continues to provide advice and support to the Afghan people, and Washington needs to still care about the future of the country. Instability and a resurgence of transnational terrorism in the region would not be in America’s interests. Last, week the country suffered a horrific terrorist attack, staged by ISIS, on a maternity hospital near Kabul. ISIS’s goal is to derail peace talks between the Taliban and the Afghan government. Nevertheless, the Afghans announced they are formally establishing a unity government, and there are signs that inter-Afghan talks may start after Ramadan. If the cause of peace does continue to move forward, it will only be because of continued American support for the Afghan people. The scars of the collapse of Yugoslavia and the outbreak of the Balkan wars in the 1990s are still visible and quite ugly. In particular, the animosity and distrust between Serbia and Kosovo continue unabated. And Bosnia-Herzegovina is a barely functioning state. Russian and Chinese meddling doesn’t help. A prosperous, free and secure Europe remains a vital U.S. interest, and we can never feel secure in the continent’s future when parts of Southern Europe remain excluded and mired in past hatreds. Recently, the U.S. has significantly ramped up its diplomatic efforts to bridge the gap between Serbia and Kosovo. Washington needs to sustain that effort and partner with the European Union and key nations, like Germany, to press for a better future for the Western Balkans. The U.S. is the leader of the free world, a global power with global interests. We don’t get a timeout from our global responsibilities to deal with COVID-19. The good news: We are a great nation; we are up to the task.
https://www.foxnews.com/us/hundreds-airplanes-grounded-boneyard-arizona-due-coronavirus|4 days ago|Hundreds of airplanes grounded at boneyard in Arizona due to the coronavirus|Hundreds of were captured resting at a remote boneyard this month, their fate uncertain, after the pandemic transformed air travel into a skeleton of its former self. Major airlines, including Delta, United, Jet Blue, and Air Canada have sent aircraft to Pinal Airpark, located in the desert about 90 miles south of Phoenix. Many of the aircraft have never left upon arrival. "It's a little eerie," one major airline pilot said after he flew a jet into the park with only a first officer on board, according to AZ Central. "At the same time there's a profound sense of sadness that goes along with it because you know why they're there, and it sort of hits you that this plane you're flying is not going to be flying again, maybe forever, but certainly not for a long time. You know this is affecting people's lives, and that definitely hits you a bit." The 'boneyard' is normally home to retired commercial and military aircraft. Due to the lack of travel, major airlines have flown in huge portions of their fleets for the foreseeable future. Delta, the largest American airline in terms of revenue is storing about half its fleet, corporate spokeswoman Maria Moraitakis told AZ Central. At least 50 of its planes are being grounded at the airpark described as the largest commercial aircraft storage facility in the world. Within the last 10 days, more than 50 jetliners made final flight plans to the converted World War II training base, where the dry desert air helps prevent them from weathering during their lack of use amid the coronavirus pandemic, according to the paper. Since Feb. 20, airline passenger traffic is down roughly 95 percent, and stocks have lost over 60 percent of their value. On May 17 last year, the (TSA) screened 2,620,276 people in the U.S. On Sunday those numbers were at 253,807. It's a major reason why airlines are storing their aircraft instead of having empty planes in the sky. "At the same time there's a profound sense of sadness that goes along with it because you know why they're there, and it sort of hits you that this plane you're flying is not going to be flying again, maybe forever, but certainly not for a long time," the pilot said, according to the paper. "You know this is affecting people's lives, and that definitely hits you a bit." He added that the airpark has no air traffic control tower and no landing lights or visual approach indicators. It covers an area of roughly 2,080 acres and its single runway measures nearly 7,000 feet long. Airline companies have placed about 250 planes in storage at the airpark since March, and it's currently running at around 85 percent capacity, according to Scott Butler, the chief commercial officer of Ascent Aviation Services, which operates the Pinal Air Park runway and storage operations. Butler said the company was operating at about 30 percent capacity prior to the outbreak, according to the .
https://www.foxnews.com/health/new-york-mayor-sees-real-cataclysmic-trouble-colleges-open-campuses-fall-report|4 days ago|City could be in 'real cataclysmic trouble' if local colleges don't reopen campuses this fall, mayor says|The mayor of , said the city could face dire consequences if its local colleges don't reopen their campuses this fall due to the , according to a report on Monday. “If the students don’t come back in the fall, we’re in real cataclysmic trouble,” Mayor Svante Myrick said during an interview with CNBC. Ithaca is home to Cornell University and Ithaca College, which together have more than 26,500 students that contribute to a massive portion of its economy. The city, meanwhile, has a population of about 31,000 people. “It’s not just pizza shops and it’s not just bars. It’s not just restaurants. It’s barbershops. It’s nail salons. It’s accountants. It’s law firms,” Myrick said, according to the news channel. “The ripple effects of all of our students staying home and not coming back to campus, would be crippling.” His comments come the same day that Ithaca announced it would be reopening for students and in-person classes on Oct. 5 — a month later than normal. Both Ithaca and Cornell University closed their campuses to students in mid-March, to amid the COVID-19 public health crisis. Myrick, a Democrat who graduated from Cornell back in 2009, says the city is also facing a budget shortfall stemming from the crisis. “Honestly, that budget deficit assumes that the students are coming back in the fall,” he added. Ithaca is part of the Southern Tier region of New York, which among other areas began its phased reopening from coronavirus-related shutdowns last Friday. While the economy will most likely be impacted further due to the virus and lack of activity on campus, having students back also raises questions regarding their health compared to the benefit of the city. Myrick said he understands getting the economy back to normal might be impacted by potential travel restrictions and fears over the virus that's infected more than 1,508,598 people and killed at least 90,300 in the U.S, according to data from Johns Hopkins University. If parents and students are still fearful amid an increase in COVID-19 cases or second wave over the summer, he understands it likely won't matter if those enrolled are allowed to come back to campus or not. “We cannot actually get back to where we were ... unless the rest of the nation and, frankly, the rest of the world gets the virus under control, because a big part of our strength is our interconnectedness,” Myrick told . “If we’re not sure that our students can come back to the United States or if parents in California will feel comfortable sending their kids to Cornell in the fall, then our economy won’t get back to where it was.” New York has 351,371 total coronavirus cases as of early Tuesday, more than any other state in the U.S.
https://video.foxnews.com/v/6157595312001/|__clean_error__|__clean_error__|
https://www.foxnews.com/politics/california-opens-up-coronavirus-funding-for-illegal-immigrants-faces-backlash|4 days ago|California opens up coronavirus funding for immigrants in state illegally, faces backlash|Undocumented immigrants in are now allowed to apply for the state’s coronavirus relief program that will pay $500 per person and up to $1,000 per household, according to reports Monday. The Los Angeles Times that Sacramento has freed up $75 million for the fund, which could help about 150,000 who may be facing severe hardships during the pandemic. An earlier report in the paper said the Center for American Liberty is suing the state, claiming that the money is “not a slush fund for the governor to spend as he sees fit.” It hopes to block the package. Opponents of the measure insist that any taxpayer funds should be directed to U.S. citizens who are also struggling amid the pandemic. The LA Daily News that the state is home to about 2 million undocumented immigrants who are not eligible to receive any kind of federal stimulus. The report said the fund could hit $125 million, which would include $50 million from donations. The money is expected to run out quickly. The state website opened on Monday and there was so much traffic that the site crashed, the Fresno Bee “The website is currently up and running, and we are continuing to increase its capacity,” Scott Murray, a spokesman for the state’s Department of Social Services, told the Bee. Kim Ouillette, attorney and fellow with Legal Aid at Work, told the paper that the state should “step in and do something more significant” because the funds will only cover a percentage of the immigrants in the state illegally. Applications will be accepted until June 30 or until funds run dry. Gov. Gavin Newsom announced in April that he would spend $75 million of taxpayer money to create a Disaster Relief Fund for immigrants living in the country illegally. He was criticized by some Republicans in the state. Senate Republican Leader Shannon Grove said at the time that Newsom should spend the money instead on food banks, equipment for students to continue their education online and local governments struggling with revenue losses. “Instead of meeting these urgent needs, Governor Newsom has chosen to irresponsibly pursue a left-wing path and unilaterally secured $125 million for undocumented immigrants,” said Grove, who represents Bakersfield.
https://www.foxnews.com/us/first-drive-thru-pantry-opens-san-francisco|4 days ago|First drive-thru food pantry opens up in San Francisco amid the coronavirus pandemic|The first drive-thru food pantry opened up in on Friday, serving those impacted by the pandemic without requiring people to leave their vehicles. At least 65 volunteers wearing protective masks loaded up roughly 900 cars with fresh produce and shelf-stable items at the new pop-up pantry, located in the parking lot of the San Francisco Giants' Oracle Park. The San Francisco-Marin Food Bank -- which opened the drive-thru location -- expects the number of cars to reach 1,500 next Friday, as word gets out about the food distribution site. It will continue to provide supplies to members of the community through June 5, according to the San Francisco Chronicle. "We've helped in the last three wildfires, and many of us went to Houston after Hurricane Harvey to help" said Barbara Abbott, vice president of supply chain at the Food Bank. "We have never seen anything like this. Before this pandemic, we served 32,000 households, and now it's double that." To promote social distancing at the newly opened pop-up pantry -- a car drives up, opens their trunk, and a volunteer loads two boxes of food inside, each weighing up to 30 pounds. The produce boxes on Friday included avocados, apples, tomatoes, potatoes, onions, and more -- grown by California farmers. The shelf staple boxes were filled with lentils, pasta, eggs and boxed milk. Abbott said the drive-thru service received a warm welcome from people who described it as a unique experience -- as many Americans are currently faced with food insecurity for the first time in their lives amid the COVID-19 outbreak. "The biggest thing we're hearing from people is, 'This is the first time I've ever had to do anything like this,'" Abbott said, according to the paper. Food Bank worker Katy McKnight said she's heard many stories of people who have been laid off during the pandemic, calling their experiences "heart-wrenching." The new drive-thru pantry was announced after the coronavirus impacted the supply of certain foods, including chicken, rice, and eggs -- which tripled in price at one point, Abbott said. "Generally, this whole thing was like a giant wrecking all on the supply chain," she added, according to the San Francisco Chronicle. The SF-Marin Food Bank has opened 24 interim pop-up pantries in the area after roughly 100 food pantries in San Francisco and Marin were forced to close amid the pandemic. Each serves about 900 to 1,500 households in the community every week. "As the COVID-19 situation intensifies daily, the Food Bank is facing an unprecedented need. Compared to before the pandemic, we are now serving 20,000 more households per week. We know that is only the beginning and anticipate that the need will only grow as the unemployment numbers continue to rise," according to the . Abbott saw a steady flow of cars on Friday, just three days after the site was announced. "Next week, there will be more, because people tell their friends," she added, according to the .
https://video.foxnews.com/v/6157586906001/|__clean_error__|__clean_error__|
https://www.foxnews.com/media/laura-ingraham-on-whats-really-essential-during-the-coronavirus-pandemic|4 days ago|Laura Ingraham on what's 'really' essential during the coronavirus pandemic|Laura Ingraham criticized the criteria used by governors across the United States to determine essential businesses during the . "We hope and pray the reopening does go well. But now that we've moved past the immediate hospital crisis, it's time we think hard about what these state leaders have done in the name of safety," Ingraham said on " ." "Now, from the outset, without the involvement of state legislatures, governors told us what was and what was not essential. So only essential businesses could remain open." "Liquor stores, pot dispensaries, abortion facilities, pet and garden stores. Essential," Ingraham said. Churches, gyms, schools, basketball, tennis courts, playgrounds. Not essential. So what criteria were used?" Ingraham gave her own list of what is really essential. "Number one, better experts, Ingraham said. "It's time to clear out the cobwebs. Why are people who screwed up so badly in the past still in their jobs in the private and public sector?" The host then moved on to "civil liberties." "Freedom to associate. Freedom to worship. Freedom of speech. Freedom to disagree with the prevailing winds," Ingraham said. "All these rights are inalienable." Ingraham's list grew to include "teaching the Constitution and a "prosperous economy" as essential. "Democrats answer is socialism and that's only going to bring misery," Ingraham said. "We've seen it across the globe over the decades. " "Science that isn't infected by money or politics is essential" Ingraham declared. "From climate change to COVID-19. We've seen far too many members of the permanent medical establishment maybe compromise, or at least the appearance of being compromised by ties to Big Pharma or maybe even their own political proclivities," Ingraham said. "That has to end. That has to end in order for more Americans to trust new vaccines, other treatments, or even just their point of view on issues." Finally, Ingraham said the American people were essential. "Your voices, your hard work, your devotion to family, to your faith, to playing by the rules. This is your government," Ingraham said. "They work for you. Never let them forget that you've always had more good sense than most of the so-called experts out there who want to order you around and enjoy it. Keep punching back. Keep questioning. Don't be afraid."
https://video.foxnews.com/v/6157644700001/|__clean_error__|__clean_error__|
https://www.foxnews.com/media/hannity-cuomo-murphy-wolf-whitmer-coronavirus-response|4 days ago|Hannity slams blue-state govs over 'dumbest' pandemic response: 'Helped us learn what not to do'|opened his television program Monday by ripping Democratic governors of several states, saying their response to the put thousands of their older and sicker residents at risk. "We learned a lot of lessons from [some] states, and a lot of bad lessons from other states," Hannity said. "We learned from the success in Florida and Texas: They focused on isolating at-risk communities, nursing homes, long-term care facilities, [and] retirement homes," he added, noting that the two states combined have had fewer than 4,000 coronavirus deaths and 100,000 total coronavirus cases. By contrast, New York accounted for more than 350,000 coronavirus cases and nearly 23,000 deaths, according to his chart. "Instead of isolating nursing homes [and] long-term care facilities like they did in Florida and they did in Texas, New York Governor [Andrew Cuomo] issued an executive order -- his was March 25th -- forcing these nursing homes to admit COVID-19 positive patients," said Hannity, who slammed Cuomo for stating bluntly Sunday that "older people [and] vulnerable people are going to die from the virus. That's going to happen despite whatever you do." "Let’s send them [COVID-19 patients] into the areas where the people are the sickest and most vulnerable," Hannity said. "That was a dumb idea. Imagine if President Trump then said that." In addition to Cuomo, Hannity called out New Jersey Gov. Phil Murphy, Michigan Gov. Gretchen Whitmer, and Pennsylvania Gov. Tom Wolf. "They made the dumbest decisions and they did not protect the elderly and the most vulnerable. Florida and Texas did," the host said. "Those executive orders by these four states that failed helped us learn what not to do," Hannity added. "New York, California, they're now demanding red states also pay off their massive debt. Now, the two states that have the highest income taxes in the entire country, they're somehow drowning in debt. For comparison, Florida and Texas, no income tax and by the way, no debt, and they managed to balance their budget. "Make no mistake, responsible residents who live in red states," Hannity concluded, "in no way should you be forced to pay off the unfunded pensions, sanctuary state policies, massive entitlements and reckless wasteful spending."
https://www.foxnews.com/us/coronavirus-effect-on-americas-veterans-va-reports-1012-deaths|4 days ago|Coronavirus' effect on America's veterans: VA reports 1,012 deaths|The Department of Veterans Affairs 1,012 deaths related to the pandemic. The agency also Monday more than 12,000 VA patients have contracted COVID-19 since early March. “VA grieves for all of the veterans and loved ones affected by this heartbreaking situation,” agency spokeswoman Christina Noel . There are 9.5 million enrolled in VA care. have also been hit hard by the virus in many states. Outrage builds over the death of sickened by the coronavirus at a home in Massachusetts. State and federal officials have been investigating the deaths at the Soldiers’ Home in Holyoke, where additional veterans and staff members tested positive for the virus. It’s one of the deadliest known outbreaks at long-term care facilities in the U.S. Noel said, “While there is always room to improve VA processes and procedures, the department does not run, manage or have control over the operations of state Veterans homes.” ”That responsibility lies with individual states, and for questions about the performance of state-run Veterans homes, we refer you to individual states,” she said in an email. Veterans homes are owned and operated by the states, but the VA pays for veterans to receive care and inspects them each year to ensure they are up to the agency’s standards. A 2019 Government Accountability Office review found that the VA did not regularly monitor the performance of its contractor doing the inspections. As a result, the “VA does not know whether, or to what extent, VA’s contractor needs to improve its ability to identify [state veterans homes’] compliance with quality standards, which increases the possibility that quality concerns in some SVHs could go overlooked, potentially placing veterans at risk,” according to the . More than 4.7 million people worldwide have tested positive for the virus and over 318,000 deaths have been recorded, including about 90,000 in the U.S. and over 160,000 in , according to a tally by Johns Hopkins University. Those figures are believed to understate the true dimensions of the outbreak because of limited testing, differences in counting the dead and concealment by some governments. The pandemic has especially affected the community. More than 1 million veterans for unemployment benefits in April, remote mental health appointments have and reports that many industries that employ veterans could be harder hit by the coronavirus.
https://www.foxnews.com/media/ufc-dana-white-rips-media-ny-times|4 days ago|UFC boss Dana White rips 'media people trying to sabotage the events' in response to NY Times report|President Dana White joined " " Monday to discuss White's criticism of a New York Times reporter who alleged in that the organization's enforcement of its coronavirus prevention plan was "spotty" during the UFC 249 event May 9. "We were trying to figure out solutions to the problems and [asking] how do you bring sports back safely and health and safety is an issue for us," White told host Sean Hannity. "Every single weekend when we were leading up to these events, we had so many, you know, New York Times and so many other media people trying to sabotage the events so that it couldn't happen. "I mean, this guy just got in The New York Times, interviewed the president of ESPN, Jimmy Pitaro, for 45 minutes, wasted 45 minutes of his time and never used one of his quotes," White added. "You know why?Because they were positive." White profanely addressed the Times article by reporter Kevin Draper following Wednesday night's event, which was held at an empty arena in Jacksonville, Fla., at one point referring to Draper as "this d---head from The New York Times." The UFC is the first major sports organization to put on events following a pause of nearly two months due to the coronavirus pandemic. Hannity asked White when he thought fans would be allowed to return to sporting events. "It's crazy. It's, it's tough to know. You know, you get different information from from different people and different sources," White said. "You know, we're going to end up living in a world where ... you're going to have to sign a waiver to go to a sporting event and, you know, and say, 'Hey, I know that, you know, the COVID-19 virus is out there and, you know, I'm going to take the risk and go to the sporting event." White said testing was key allowing fans to attend events. "I don't know how long that's going to be," White said. "It's you know, it's going to depend on testing, if the level of testing keeps keeps going up."
https://video.foxnews.com/v/6157580315001/|__clean_error__|__clean_error__|
https://www.foxnews.com/media/texas-gov-abbott-phase-two-reopening-coronavirus|4 days ago|Abbott touts 'downward trend' in key coronavirus metrics as Texas starts 'phase two' of reopening|Texas Gov. joined " " Monday to outline Phase Two of his reopening plan for the Lone Star State, which comes as the percentage of continues to decline. "Let me tell you what many media outlets will not tell you," Abbot told host Sean Hannity. "Today, when Texas reopened even more for business, maybe as open as any state in the country, today also was the lowest number of COVID deaths since April 3rd. "Yesterday was the lowest number of COVID-related hospitalization since the middle part of April," he added "Texas has a downward trend of those testing positive for COVID-19 as a percent of all the people testing postive." Under Abbott's order, childcare facilities can reopen immediately, restaurants will be able to open at 50 percent capacity on Friday, and bars, which had remained closed, can open at 25 percent capacity along with Bowling alleys. Youth sports and other camps will be allowed to open by June, and professional sports, including auto racing, golf, softball and tennis leagues can apply with the state to host events without spectators. "All the trends are going good and Texas is opening up for business," Abbott said. "Know this," the governor added, "as we gather today, according to the Dallas Federal Reserve, Texas has the lowest unemployment rate of any large state in America. And we will be adding more jobs by the day."
https://www.foxnews.com/politics/nancy-pelosi-calls-president-morbidly-obese|4 days ago|Nancy Pelosi digs at Trump, calls president 'morbidly obese'|House Speaker Nancy Pelosi, D-Calif., took a shot at President Trump's weight amid the revelation that he has been taking the anti-malaria drug hydroxychloroquine that he previously touted as a treatment for the coronavirus. During an appearance on CNN on Monday night, Pelosi was asked if she was "concerned" about Trump's announcement that he had been prescribed the drug by the White House physician. "As far as the president is concerned, he's our president and I would rather he not be taking something that has not been approved by the scientists, especially in his age group and in his, shall we say, weight group -- what is it, morbidly obese they say. So I don't think that's a good idea," Pelosi told CNN anchor Anderson Cooper before he moved on to another question. Trump stoked a flurry of reaction Monday after revealing to reporters that he has been talking hydroxychloroquine to stave off the , with many experts urging Americans to consult with doctors before taking such a step. The president said he has been taking hydroxychloroquine and a zinc supplement daily "for about a week and a half now." Trump has spent weeks pushing the drug as a potential cure for COVID-19, despite there being no consensus on its effectiveness or safety. Dr. Sean Conley, the president's physician, announced in a statement Monday night, "After numerous discussions he and I had about regarding the evidence for and against the use of hydroxychloroquine, we concluded the potential benefit from treatment outweighed the relative risks." Still, many doctors urged Americans that their best sources for medical information are medical experts, not the president. "You have to have a discussion with your doctor to decide if it is best for you," Dr. Janette Nesheiwat, a Fox News medical contributor, "It is not going to be good for everyone but it may be beneficial and potentially life-saving for others." Dr. William Schaffner, an infectious diseases specialist at the Vanderbilt Medical Center, went a step further. "I certainly would not recommend that people in the U.S. ask their physicians to prescribe hydroxychloroquine for the prevention of COVID," Schaffner told "Its use is entirely speculative." Former Planned Parenthood President said there was "NO evidence for hydrochloroquine being effective in treatment of #covid19 or prophylaxis to prevent the disease." She continued, "This medication has serious side effects. I am very concerned about @realDonaldTrump continuing to model behavior that could harm many Americans."
https://video.foxnews.com/v/6157583425001/|__clean_error__|__clean_error__|
https://www.foxnews.com/media/dr-siegel-trump-hydroxychloroquine-doctor-patient-decision|4 days ago|Dr. Siegel on Trump's hydroxychloroquine use: 'It is a doctor-patient decision, It should not be challenged'|Fox News medical contributor defended 's use of hydroxychloroquine Monday after the president announced he was taking the antimalarial drug as a preventive measure against contracting . "This drug hydroxychloroquine, which we've used in millions of people against malaria [as a] prophylaxis so that you don't get malaria, it's used for lupus and other rheumatological problems," Siegel said on " ". "A top rheumatologist told me that in the lab, it shows anti-viral activity against COVID-19, and it prevents uptake in the cells and it also decreases the inflammation that we're seeing with this virus." Siegel said he was looking at the issue "medically" not politically. "Does it work in humans? We've seen some studies from Italy, from France and from China that show it might work early in the course of it [coronavirus]," Siegel said. "And there's a big study in Spain right now and a huge study from the NIH looking at this. Henry Ford Hospital in Detroit has given it to three thousand health care workers, Tucker, to see if it prevents them from getting COVID-19." Trump revealed to reporters earlier Monday that he's been taking a hydroxychloroquine pill every day for about a week and a half. “I’m taking it – hydroxychloroquine,” the president told reporters during a roundtable with restaurant industry figures in the White House’s State Dining Room. Dr. Siegel, who has said hydroxychloroquine saved his father's life, said the president's physician should "not be challenged." "When Dr. Sean Conley, the president's physician, who I have met with and think is quite reasonable, weighs the options back and forth, he decides to prescribe it for the president," Siegel said. "It is a doctor-patient decision. It should not be challenged. It is a medical decision made between a doctor and a patient. You can prescribe off-label. So I don't think it's wild or anything like that. I think it's reasonable."
https://www.foxnews.com/politics/trump-threatens-to-keep-who-funding-freeze-in-place|4 days ago|Trump threatens to keep WHO funding freeze in place after WH investigation|released a blistering letter late Monday to the head of the World Health Organization, stating that his administration conducted an investigation that confirmed the health body’s multiple failures in the early stages of the coronavirus outbreak, and warned that his current funding freeze will become permanent if the organization does not make “substantive” improvements within 30 days. “It is clear the repeated missteps by you and your organization in responding to the pandemic have been extremely costly for the world,” he wrote in the letter to Dr. Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus. “The only way forward for the World Health Organization is if it can actually demonstrate independence from China.” The White House has insisted that Beijing downplayed the virus' threat in December, which led to the subsequent outbreak. China has denied the charge and accused Trump of shirking responsibility to the organization, according to the AFP. WHO told Reuters Tuesday that it was reviewing the letter and to expect a comment sometime later in the day. Trump in April that the U.S. would halt funding to the organization. He said at the time that his administration would undertake a 60-to-90 day investigation into why the "China-centric" WHO had caused "so much death" by "severely mismanaging and covering up" the coronavirus' spread, including by making the "disastrous" decision to oppose travel restrictions on China. The U.S. was the . Trump said the United States contributes roughly $400 to $500 million per year to WHO, while China offers only about $40 million. The letter offers a bullet-point list of shortcomings at the agency that Trump claimed could have been prevented under the right leadership. The WHO “consistently ignored credible reports of the virus” in December 2019. By the end of that month, it was clear at the organization that the virus was a “major health concern.” Taiwanese authorities told health officials at the organization about human-to-human transmission, but that revelation was not shared with the international community. Trump’s letter stated that International Health Regulations require countries to report the “risk of a health emergency within 24 hours.” The letter laid the blame squarely on China and the WHO for weeks of non-action. The health body even accused U.S. travel restrictions to the country in late February of causing “more harm than good.” “By the time you finally declared the virus a pandemic on March 11, 2020, it had killed more than 4,000 people and infected more than 100,000 people in at least 114 countries,” the letter read. Trump's letter comes as Democrats criticize the White House for not taking the virus seriously from the outset. Dr. , a whistleblower who ran the Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority, blamed the Trump administration for its own slow response to the pandemic and said the administration was instead worried about politics instead of science. Trump has dismissed Bright's charges and has indicated that he is a disgruntled employee with a political bent. The WHO bowed to calls Monday from most of its member states to launch an independent probe into how it managed the international response to the coronavirus pandemic that has killed over 300,000 people and leveled the global economy.
https://www.foxnews.com/media/new-jersey-gym-owner-receives-summons-reopening|4 days ago|New Jersey gym owner receives summons after reopening: 'It's OK to stand up for what you believe in'|A gym owner who reopened his business Monday in defiance of Gov. Phil Murphy's stay-at-home order told " " he is "ready for the consequences" and vowed to remain open for the rest of the week after receiving a summons for violating the state lockdown. Smith and Frank Trumbetti, the co-owners of Atilis Gym in Bellmawr, kept their word Monday after Smith to reopen the workout facility with social distancing measures in place. Their plans drew a crowd of supporters who gathered outside the gym protesting Murphy's stay-at-home mandates. When local police arrived on the scene, Smith was told he was in violation of the state order, but an officer then told the assembly to "have a nice day," allowing the gym to open as planned. Officers later returned to the scene and served Smith and Trumbetti with a disorderly conduct summons. "I assume that they came back because they received an order from higher up," Smith said. "Moments earlier, probably a half-an-hour earlier, we had that beautiful exchange with the officers that had been present all day and whom we've had nothing but great exchanges with. It has been love and positive all day. With the exception of handing over a summons," Smith added, "it remained that way." Smith thanked the officers for helping "maintain order," but questioned the "heavy police presence" in the first place. "I'm sure that their job could have been done better elsewhere," he said. "I'm sure there were other calls that needed to be handled, you know. For the most part, we were self-reliant and responsible and peaceful." Smith, who said he has received a "tremendous amount of support and outreach from people all over the country," added that he fully intends on reopening Tuesday. "People seemed really energized by this idea that it's OK to stand up for what you believe in," he said. "And that we can get back to being a prosperous nation [while] at the same time, being safe and upholding the ideas of public health and public safety. And I think that we proved that today." As for the summons itself, Smith told host Tucker Carlson, ""My attorney didn't seem to ruffled up by it, and neither are Frank and I."
https://video.foxnews.com/v/6157590563001/|__clean_error__|__clean_error__|
https://video.foxnews.com/v/6157586889001/|__clean_error__|__clean_error__|
https://www.foxnews.com/us/iowa-towns-coronavirus-full-reopening|4 days ago|Iowa rural towns nervous about fully reopening despite few coronavirus cases|. CORNING, Iowa ­– Religious institutions, restaurants, salons and libraries are back open following Gov. Kim Reynolds’ proclamation that most businesses could reopen at 50-percent capacity – but many owners say they’re not sure it’s time to get back to business as usual. It’s been a long two months for Primrose Restaurant co-owner Joel Mahr, who said he missed interacting with his customers in-person. Like so many other restaurants across the county, Mahr had to switch to limit his services to pick up and delivery only, to help curb the spread of the coronavirus. “I would love to see this place full again,” said Mahr as he reminisced on a time when the bar was at capacity with patrons. “I miss plating food on plates. Now, it’s Styrofoam or these plastic containers and it drives me nuts.” Unlike in many other states in the country, Iowa’s proclamation included allowing restaurants to reopen for sit-down service. Mahr’s restaurant is located in Adams County – one of four counties with no confirmed COVID-19 cases yet. Small businesses in this county of a little over 3,600 have wanted to keep it that way. “Just because we don’t have any cases living here, someone can work in another community and could bring it back,” said Jessica Wilson, a master florist and owner of Lone Arranger. Cathy Struecker, who has run a yoga studio in Marion County, which has seen fewer than 30 confirmed cases, told Fox News she’s waiting until June 1 to open her doors again for safety reasons – but she understood the frustrations of other small-business owners. “I get it. There’s a point where it feels like, ‘OK, we need to move on with life,’ but we are still affected,” she stated. Over 7 million small businesses are at risk of closing their doors forever because of COVID-19, according to a Main Street America Many economists have said small businesses in rural communities will be hit the hardest. “In Nebraska, you have 93 counties and in Iowa, you have 99 counties. Seventy-five counties in Nebraska and probably as many as 75 in Iowa depend on small businesses,” Ernie Goss, an economics professor at Creighton University, told Fox News. Goss added that losing small businesses in rural communities could mean the loss of funding for essential resources. “Highways, schools, courthouses, police protection... if there are fewer and fewer businesses, then that means there’s less money to pay for that infrastructure.” Across the country, protesters have been demanding state officials reopen their local economies in regions that have been devastated by the coronavirus pandemic. But, Mahr said he will continue to do his part in curbing the spread in his community – even if the virus hasn’t landed on his doorstep yet. “Just because we don’t have those cases doesn’t mean that our time won’t come,” Mahr added.
https://www.foxnews.com/us/army-general-find-coronavirus-vaccine-logistics-supply-chain|4 days ago|Army general tasked to help lead race for coronavirus vaccine has history of success with logistics|The general tasked to help lead efforts to create and distribute a vaccine by next year oversees one of the world's largest logistics and supply-chain operations. Gen. Gustave Perna will co-lead 's public-private partnership -- dubbed " " -- with Moncef Slaoui, the ex-head of GlaxoSmithKline vaccines division, the White House announced late last week. Slaoui is set to oversee vaccine development while Perna will serve as the chief operating officer in the endeavor likened by Trump to the Manhattan Project. Perna has been leading the Army's Material Command at the Redstone Arsenal in Huntsville, Ala., comprising over 190,000 service members, civilians and contractors. The installation has served as the Army's primary logistics command, outfitting units with much-needed supplies and equipment. Perna and Slaoui have been charged with finding a vaccine and producing and distributing 300 million doses across the United States quickly. “It is going to be a Herculean task, but the combination of the two main partners — between Health and Human Services and the Department of Defense — their combined strengths, partnered with the other teammates, will ensure our success," Perna said during Trump's announcement of the initiative last week at the White House Rose Garden. “One of the great advantages that we have as a military is our ability to do logistical and sustainment operations afar,” Perna added. "We’re just going to apply those capabilities to this mission.” Perna originally was commissioned as an infantry officer before moving into logistics. He previously commanded the Defense Supply Center in Philadelphia where he was responsible for procuring over $14.5 billion worth of food, medicines, medical supplies and equipment for soldiers, according to his . The Pentagon has taken on a large role in the U.S. response to the pandemic. It's also been subjected to criticism following infections within its military branches, the reported.
https://www.foxnews.com/media/mark-cuban-presidential-bid-lot-can-happen|4 days ago|Mark Cuban won't rule out late White House run: 'A lot can happen between now and November'|Billionaire entrepreneur and Dallas Mavericks owner Mark Cuban touted his on " " Monday, calling for direct payments of $1,000 to American households while unemployment benefits are expanded through the end of July. "We need to consider an interim spending stimulus program," Cuban tweeted Sunday. "All 128 [million] households could get a $1k check every 2 weeks for the next 2 months that MUST BE SPENT WITHIN 10 DAYS OF RECEIPT OR IT EXPIRES." "It's time for trickle up economics," Cuban said in another tweet, playing off the "trickle-down" summation of what became known by the 1980s as "Reaganomics." Cuban told "The Story" Monday that such payments are a better way forward than the $3 trillion aid package that passed the House on Friday because, by his count, two-thirds of the economy is powered by consumer demand. Currently, he said, too much money is going to businesses rather than individuals. "People aren't confident in their jobs and when they're not confident keeping or getting a job, they don't spend money," he said, "and if they don't spend money, businesses can't stay open." He explained the Paycheck Protection Program (PPP) instituted as part of the CARES Act was meant to "keep employees attached to their employer." However, 36 million Americans were still forced to file for unemployment when the federal government didn't move the money out the door quickly enough. "Now we find out that 68 percent of those lower-income individuals that are now unemployed don't want to go back to work because of the $600 stimulus [Pandemic Unemployment Compensation] that they're getting," Cuban said. "The idea behind my program is that ... by stimulating consumer demand, businesses will be able to stay in business without needing direct-to-business stimulus," he said. " ... effectively sending it to the consumers to stimulate the demand that we need. That's not universal basic income, it's three months." Later in the interview, host Martha MacCallum asked the Pittsburgh native if he still harbored any potential presidential aspirations, noting his previous comment that he will sit out the 2020 race unless "something crazy happens." "I mean, I'm not one to close the door, Martha," Cuban responded. "There's so many crazy things that happen. Why not? Why not leave that door open? A lot can happen between now and November. Cuban went on to deny that his comment was related to questions about presumptive Democratic nominee Joe Biden's gaffes, instead noting President Trump's revelation earlier Monday that he is taking hydroxychloroquine. "There are so many different things that could go wrong," Cuban said. "Here's our president taking a drug that could increase his risk. Crazier things have happened. I'm not saying anything is going to happen to the president, I certainly don't know, I don't wish that to anybody, including Joe Biden, but we are just in strange times." "If there's a resurgence of the virus -- [if] just that the things that the president put in place just go horribly wrong -- [if] the things that Joe Biden proposes goes horribly wrong, maybe people will look to somebody else and a different type of solution."
https://www.foxnews.com/politics/democratic-socialists-of-america-coronavirus-memberships|4 days ago|Democratic Socialists of America's membership surges amid coronavirus, report says|Even as virtually every country's economy has struggled in recent months amid state-imposed lockdowns intended to combat the coronavirus pandemic, some disaffected progressives are convinced that the problem is capitalism -- reportedly sending membership in the Democratic Socialists of America [DSA] surging by 10,000 since March, for a still-paltry total of 66,000 members overall. The coronavirus outbreak originated a communist country, and went on to ravage several European countries with public health care systems, including Italy. With Bernie Sanders out of the presidential race, though, many socialists increasingly have sought a cause to support. They apparently found it in pandemic relief, saying the government's temporary stimulus checks could serve as a model for universal basic income even in good economic times. "People are really starting to just look around and say, 'Man, capitalism isn't working,'" an unnamed co-chair of the Detroit DSA chapter "If the markets can’t even produce hand sanitizer or toilet paper or masks during a plague—what good is this system?" While there was no evidence to suggest a socialist economy would be better equipped to handle a nationwide government quarantine, Julia Shannon, a member of the Los Angeles DSA, echoed that argument. "There's the sense that [this situation] is unacceptable and immoral, and that feeling is really pushing people into the meticulous work of organizing," Shannon said. "We have to try to work toward harnessing that momentum and energy to create structures that work for the majority of people." DSA has remained a relatively tiny organization, even by the standards of fringe U.S. political parties; the Libertarian Party, for example, has boasted over 600,000 members. Founded in 1982, DSA had only 5,000 members in 2015 when Sanders mounted his first presidential run. The election of New York. Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez, a self-described democratic socialist, reinvigorated the group. However, DSA has faced strong headwinds, especially as states start loosening economic restrictions and allowing people to return to work. A recently passed by House Democrats -- full of left-wing progressive wishlist items, including and -- appeared to be dead on arrival in the Senate, and among Democrats there. DSA also has seen some public struggles with its own commitment to inclusivity. Last August, the DSA in Georgia came to a screeching halt when one delegate formally complained of "sensory overload" from "guys" whispering in the room -- prompting another "comrade" to grab the microphone to angrily demand an immediate end to the use of "gendered language." The back-to-back moments of impassioned hypersensitivity at the gathering of the largest organization in the United States led to bipartisan mockery from commentators, who to something out of the sitcom "The Office" or the sketch comedy group Monty Python. "Uh, quick point of personal privilege, um guys," began one delegate, who identified himself as from Sacramento, and specified that he uses the "he/him" personal pronouns. As soon as Jackson said the word "guys," an individual in the audience could be seen becoming visibly irate in a . "I just want to say, can we please keep the chatter to the minimum? I'm one of the people who's very, very prone to sensory overload," Jackson said. Several other delegates could be seen waving instead of applauding, as he spoke. Jazz hands are considered less "triggering" to those sensitive to loud sounds. "There's a lot of whispering and chattering going on. It's making it very difficult for me to focus. Please, I know we're all fresh and ready to go, but can we please just keep the chatter to a minimum? It's affecting my ability to focus." "Thank you, comrade," the chair responded. But the situation would not end so easily for the approximately 1,500 socialists gathered at the convention. Within seconds, the individual who had appeared irritated by Jackson's words stumbled toward the microphone to yell, "Point of personal privilege! Point of personal privilege!" "Yes?" the chair asked. "Please do not use gendered language to address everyone!" "OK," the chair said, seemingly flustered. Jackson, however, would soon come back for another round. "Quick point of privilege ONCE again!" Jackson said later in the day, before reciting rotely, "Hi, James Jackson, Sacramento DSA, he/him." "I have ALREADY asked people to be mindful of the chatter of their comrades who are sensitive to sensory overload," Jackson said. "And that goes DOUBLE for the heckling and the hissing. It is also triggering to my anxiety. Like, being comradely isn't just for like, keeping things civil or whatever. It's so people aren't going to get triggered, and so that it doesn't affect their performance as a delegate." Jackson said that while "your need to express yourself is important," it does not "trump" his own personal needs. Earlier in the day, a speaker outlined the rules of the convention, which included a prohibition on "aggressive scents" in the quiet room.
https://www.foxnews.com/entertainment/country-singer-stephanie-quayle-memories-husband-coronavirus-quarantine|4 days ago|Stephanie Quayle discusses ‘creating memories’ she ‘never saw coming’ with her husband amid quarantine|is making the most of the lockdown. The CMT "Next Women of " 2019 inductee has been utilizing the time to create new opportunities to connect with her fans through her daily Facebook Live broadcast streaming series dubbed “ ,” which Quayle films in a barn on her North Carolina property and, she said, “touches on heart, humor and country .” Quayle has also kept busy through her collaborations on projects, with the likes of Harley-Davidson, including “From Horses to Horsepower,” which follows Quayle’s journey to learn how to ride a motorcycle with the guidance from her mother, who’s a longtime rider. Not to mention Quayle is also an animal farmer. “We've got a little farm in North Carolina and we do grass-fed beef. So, we've got a farm out here and all kinds of miniature animals and creatures,” Quayle told Fox News in a phone interview as she was whisking one of her horses its stable. She continued: “Oh, let me tell you, I've been a farm kid my whole life and I am a happy camper when I'm around creatures. I have had the opportunity to watch my mini baby creatures grow up and share them with the world. The singer-songwriter said she’s in a constant state of "create" with virtual recording sessions of new music and virtual co-writes with other industry players. “I do my best when I am busy,” she said. “Fortunately, between helping on the farm and the multitude of virtual concerts and content, I have far from slowed down.” Quayle hasn’t seemed to miss a step amid the despite the music industry work-stoppage and a subsequent halt to live performances, and now with so much perceived time on people's hands, the effervescent country songstress is drumming up ways to keep herself at her best. Here’s everything to know about Stephanie Quayle: How are you and your loved ones adjusting to the current “normal?” Now that I am off the road, my husband [David] and I are able to be together for more than a couple of consecutive days for the very first time! Our whole relationship has been mostly long-distance. We have now been able to be together for over 63 days. We are creating memories that we never saw coming and that is really special during a very challenging time. Do you feel overlooked that it took so long for you to finally get the “recognition” you deserve? I truly, truly believe that you can't force timing. There's just something about life that when the pieces are meant to fall into place, they fall into place at exactly the right time. And I've lived that my whole life. I don't know that I [go] through my days feeling like that I was overlooked. I think that I was preparing. And I think I was preparing for this time because I have such clarity of who I am. I have such an incredible family that I grew up with and then also my husband and my stepkids and his family and my close-knit team that works tirelessly to make my voice heard that I feel like that was all just preparation. Now I really get to appreciate it and experience it in a real-time, honest, authentic way, because I'm not thinking about tomorrow. Like right now, I'm sitting in my car watching my horses eat and I am completely in this moment with you going, ‘I just can't wait to sit down with you, in person.’ That's what the greatest part about this is the relationships and the people -- the songs connect us and they create soundtracks in these moments. But the people-to-people part that is my driving force. That's the truth. So I think that I've been preparing for that. As an artist, does the uncertainty of when we can expect live shows and in-person performances affect you or your approach to how you will release music? Not necessarily on whether or not to release music, but more so on figuring out how we share the live visceral experience we all feel and love from live concerts in the safest manner possible for everyone involved when we release new music. We are strategizing a lot right now. I’m not sure I quite have it figured out but I’m determined to find a way as our world continues to evolve. Did you speak with Jennifer Nettles at the CMAs last November after she called for equal play for women in country music? We didn't get the chance to speak at the CMAs. I actually met her for the first time just months before on an airplane, which is really wild because I have such respect for her and what she is. She just is such a glowing example of: "I'm going to do me and I'm going to be who I am and here we go." I really hope that with so many people speaking out for women and country music, especially girls just speaking up, in our current situation -- I really hope that one day we'll be at a point where we don't have to have the conversation. Where we're not wondering if we're getting equal play at festivals or equal play on the radio because it's worthy. It is great music right now. And I really believe in the women that are coming up and the women before us, the women as a whole. You know, there's so much going on there, but I feel like the floodgates are about to open. I really do truly feel it's an incredible time to be a woman, a woman in country music. But it has its challenges. I lean into what's working. I lean into, "OK, what can I do to continue to stand out and be a great artist?" Was there ever been a moment in your career where you felt your dream might have been out of reach if something didn't go your way? No, because I've just always thought it's a marathon, not a sprint. I remember before my [Grand Ole] Opry debut, which was [in 2018], I always said even if it's not until I'm 70, I will get there. I think whatever it takes. I think that with the entertainment business, in general, there are so many things that are changing, especially for women. You're seeing so much more breadth and range from the music that's coming out from the TV series, the producers, behind the scenes, everything from the music to the screen. So here's how I look at music and here's how I look at myself -- I'm not milk. I don't have an expiration date. So however long it takes is however long it takes. I'll be coming out of the grave like a hologram just to remind them all. I think also because we're such direct access to our fans. The music really makes way for us in a way that it never has before. So a lot of those kinds of overarching things are changing because people are hearing artists before they ever see them. Before they ever go to a show, before they might even know any of their backgrounds. You know, we look at how streaming has changed the game. So now it's like how do we take these new models and these new ways in which people are consuming our music and make ourselves connect those dots? Where does your connection to the guitar stem from? So I started on the piano when I was 4. My grandmother was my piano teacher, my step-grandmother, Grandma Katherine, she was a farmer. Let me tell you -- her hands. She was one of the strongest women I've ever known. Boy, howdy did she know it. So she was my piano teacher and it was very structured and very regimented. I had no idea what a gift that was at the time. I was a little kid being told what to do. I don't know if you can imagine, but sometimes I kind of didn't like to follow the rules. So I think for me, I remember I got my first guitar at a little pawnshop and Bozeman, Mont. I think it was not even $100. I'd been saving up my money and I think for me, there were no guidelines. I just took my little money into that pawnshop, bought myself a guitar and there's a freedom in that and I just started figuring it out. I had stopped piano lessons by then and I think I picked up my first guitar when I was about 15 years old, and there was a freedom in it. I think there's something to when you're not told to play something, you play it differently. Now when I go and play the piano, it's a totally different feeling for me because there are all those years of family intertwined between those keys and memories and moments whereas a guitar, even though I've been playing for a really long time, it still is a much newer instrument to me because I picked it up and I learned to record and the truth is country music. So then I just started trying things and learning my way through it. If I see a guitar and it's a right-handed guitar -- even though I'm left-handed, I know it's weird but I play right. I can pick that up and play it for anyone right there. I could be out here playing for my horses right now. There's that portability, that mobility is -- you know I wish I could do that with the piano. I mean, I guess I could carry around a keytar. But then it gets all kinds of eyeballs. What would a stranger be surprised to learn about you? Well, I speak French. It's where it all began for me musically. I did an exchange program at 16 years old in Fribourg, Switzerland. My school was bilingual, just like their public school there -- half French-speaking, half German-speaking and I went to the French part and I studied French for the whole year, there. [Speaks French]. I mean, language and music are so connected and I just have always loved that and my mom used to sing to me in French when I was little so I just became fascinated with the language. So I ended up in this little town in Switzerland through Youth for Understanding -- which is this incredible exchange program -- and I was with my host brother at this little cafe the first month I was there, and there's a band talking about how their lead singer had just moved back to Germany. So in really broken French because I just got there so I'm not good yet -- I tell them that I sing and they say, "Well, why don't you come to audition for our band?" I had never fronted a band before. I had performed in choir and at church but never a band. So they let me audition and I got the job. And that was my after-school program. That was my first time being on stage and feeling like I made sense. And that's what I knew. Like, this will be my life. I have to do this. Isn't that crazy?! Like what are the chances? That's wild. Will we ever get a French country song from you? A thousand percent, yes. I'm absolutely going to. I haven't yet decided if I'm going to take a song that I've already written and then translate it or if I'm going to write a song that’s sung in the French language directly. Because of course, it's not always a direct translation. So yeah, I've been playing with both. I'm not sure, but I will.
https://www.foxnews.com/media/dr-manny-trump-highly-irresponsible-hydroxychloroquine-coronavirus|4 days ago|Dr. Manny Alvarez: Trump's 'irresponsible' hydroxychloroquine announcement overshadows good coronavirus news|Fox News Channel senior managing editor for health news said Monday that was being "highly irresponsible" for taking the antimalarial drug hydroxychloroquine as a preventive against contracting . "I found it to be highly irresponsible for the president to have come out and make that statement," Alvarez told " ." "And I would like to hear from the White House physician, to come out tomorrow and explain to me what has changed in a week and a half or two weeks for the president to take this medication when all the data that has been coming out, you know, very repetitively has shown that there's really not a major benefit in most hospitals, including mine." Trump told reporters earlier Monday he's been taking one hydroxychloroquine pill every day for about a week and a half and added that he consulted with the White House physician before starting to take the drug. In a statement Monday evening, Physician to the President Sean Conley said that he and Trump had "numerous discussions" about "the evidence for and against the use of hydroxychloroquine." Conley said the pair ultimately concluded "the potential benefit from treatment outweighed the relative risks." Alvarez said his hospital, Hackensack University Medical Center in New Jersey, is not using the drug to treat coronavirus patients despite the large number of virus admissions. The doctor also said all the good news he heard regarding the pandemic Monday "plummeted" for him after the president made the admission. "The number of COVID cases around the country are dipping dramatically and we're now getting into a new vaccine modality, which I think is great," Alvarez said. "So all the good news, as far as I'm concerned today, that really boosted the stock market really plummeted in my heart at ... 4:30 this afternoon when he gave ... that statement, I just found it to be quite irresponsible." Alvarez explained there are currently no case review studies showing the drug to be "effective" and warned about side effects. "These medications do have side effects. If you're going to use it, you have to have a physical, perhaps an EKG," Alvarez warned. "So you have to have a conversation with your doctor."
https://www.foxnews.com/media/cms-seema-verma-nursing-homes-coronavirus-deaths|4 days ago|CMS administrator Verma outlines renewed effort to protect nursing home residents from COVID-19|Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) administrator Seema Verma, a member of 's task force, told Fox News Monday that the administration is committed to "doing everything we can" to protect the safety of nursing home residents. "Every life is precious, and that's what this administration started very early in making sure that we were doing everything we can to keep nursing home residents safe," Verma told " ." "They deserve that. Older individuals have been taking care of us their whole lives and they deserve to be respected and to be protected." New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo has faced backlash for his early decision to prohibit nursing homes from rejecting patients who had tested positive for COVID-19 after they were discharged from the hospital. The policy, which has since been reversed, came under after data found an estimated of deaths from COVID-19 have occurred in nursing homes and residential living facilities. "When doctors and hospitals are discharging patients from hospitals, they have to make sure that we are discharging the patient to a place that can accommodate their needs," Verma said. "And if that person is still testing positive, they need to be isolated and ... [medical professionals must] make sure that isolation and care can continue in the most appropriate setting." begging state officials for more protective equipment and tests as well as help in relocating positive patients, but those pleas have gone unanswered. Meanwhile, the number of workers who have called out sick steadily rose. "One of the things we did on the federal level was to increase reimbursement for testing and actually, for the first time, pay for labs to go out to nursing homes to collect samples," said Verma, who insisted that "more and more nursing homes" are now being tested. Earlier Monday, the CDC issued guidelines on reopening nursing homes, outlining parameters around testing, but stopped short of federally mandating them, host Martha MacCallum observed. Verma said the administration is open to moving "towards a requirement" if "we felt like there wasn't compliance ... but at this time we feel like the recommendation around testing is a baseline, so we not only want to test the residents, but we also want to make sure that the health care staff and that nursing facility is also tested as well."
https://www.foxnews.com/travel/american-airlines-still-running-29-mile-flights-in-colorado-because-of-cares-act-rules-report-says|4 days ago|American Airlines still running 29-mile flights in Colorado because of CARES Act rules, report says|is running 29-mile flights in Colorado to fulfill its obligations under the relief package passed in March, according to a Monday report. The 29-mile flight takes passengers from Vail to Aspen in just 35 minutes. Another short flight now being offered by the Airline is from Aspen to Telluride, which takes about 40 minutes. The flights are some of the shortest trips being offered by American since the 1990s, the . To qualify for the $50 billion worth of stimulus loans from the , airlines must maintain service to every destination they offered before the pandemic. But with travel demand reduced to nearly zero during a nationwide lockdown, American needed to create new routes to make up for the loss in revenue. By offering flights to shorter routes, airlines can service several destinations on a circular route. Before the pandemic, full flights from major destination hubs like DFW International Airport to niche destinations were rare. An American spokesperson told Fox News the airline will stop flying the circular routes beginning June 1.
https://www.foxnews.com/politics/media-health-experts-reactions-trump-taking-hydroxychloroquine|4 days ago|Trump's claim he takes hydroxychloroquine prompts warnings from health experts|stoked a flurry of reaction Monday after revealing to reporters that he has been , a controversial malaria drug, to stave off the , with many experts urging Americans to consult with doctors before taking such a step. Trump said he has been taking hydroxychloroquine and a zinc supplement daily "for about a week and a half now." Trump has spent weeks pushing the drug as a potential cure for COVID-19, despite there being no consensus on its effectiveness or safety. Dr. Sean Conley, the president's physician, announced in a statement Monday night, "After numerous discussions he and I had about regarding the evidence for and against the use of hydroxychloroquine, we concluded the potential benefit from treatment outweighed the relative risks." Still, many doctors urged Americans that their best sources for medical information are medical experts, not the president. "You have to have a discussion with your doctor to decide if it is best for you," Dr. Janette Nesheiwat, a Fox News medical contributor, "It is not going to be good for everyone but it may be beneficial and potentially life-saving for others." Dr. William Schaffner, an infectious diseases specialist at the Vanderbilt Medical Center, went a step further. "I certainly would not recommend that people in the U.S. ask their physicians to prescribe hydroxychloroquine for the prevention of Covid," Schaffner told "Its use is entirely speculative." Former Planned Parenthood President said there was "NO evidence for hydrochloroquine being effective in treatment of #covid19 or prophylaxis to prevent the disease." She continued, "This medication has serious side effects. I am very concerned about @realDonaldTrump continuing to model behavior that could harm many Americans." Dr. Rob Davidson, the executive director of the Committee to Protect Medicare, advised his followers to ignore the president. "There is no evidence of benefit and there is evidence of harm," Davidson tweeted. "Trump is responsible for the deaths of tens of thousands. Let's not add to that number." Trump said his doctor did not recommend the drug to him, but he requested it from the physician. "I started taking it, because I think it's good," Trump said. "I've heard a lot of good stories." , tweeted that repeated studies have shown hydroxychloroquine doesn’t work for COVID-19 patients. Others cast doubt on whether Trump was telling the truth. "If Trump has really been taking hydroxychloroquine for the past 'week-and-a-half' as he just blurted [out] at a press conference, do we really think he would have been able to keep his mouth shut about it?" tweeted Glenn Kirschner, a legal analyst for NBC and MSNBC. Following the president's comments, told his viewers, "If you are in a risky population here, and you are taking this as a preventative treatment to ward off the virus, or in a worse-case scenario you are dealing with the virus and you are in this vulnerable population, it will kill you. I cannot stress this enough. This will kill you." The malaria drug hydroxychloroquine can cause heart rhythm problems and other side effects. The Food and Drug Administration has said hydroxychloroquine should only be used for coronavirus in formal studies. Two large observational studies, each involving around 1,400 patients in New York, recently found no benefit from the drug. Two new studies published Thursday in the medical journal BMJ reached the same conclusion. .
https://video.foxnews.com/v/6157575024001/|__clean_error__|__clean_error__|
https://www.foxnews.com/media/cnn-jake-tapper-trump-smear-campaign|4 days ago|CNN’s Jake Tapper called out for hypocrisy after scolding Trump for launching ‘smear campaign against rivals’|CNN anchor condemned and his supporters for "launching an unprecedented smear campaign" against political opponents, but he, too, was blasted by critics who alleged he launched "smear campaigns" of his own. Trump has been on the offensive in recent days after it was revealed that several top Obama officials -- including former Vice President -- had requested the unmasking of former national security advisor Michael Flynn in the weeks leading up to his inauguration. Tapper, who previously had scant coverage of the unmasking revelations, lumped what he described as a "conspiracy theory" with other attacks Trump and his ardent supporters have leveled against political foes, including a meme shared by Donald Trump Jr. mocking Biden's "creepy" behavior with children. The "State of the Union" host also indicated that he will maintain virtually all of his reporting on the coronavirus outbreak. "President Trump and his team are launching an unprecedented smear campaign against rivals, leveling wild and false allegations against critics in the media and politics, ranging from bizarre conspiracy theories to spreading lies about pedophilia and even murder," Tapper said on Twitter, which resembled on-air remarks he made on his Sunday show. "These smear campaigns are unmoored from reality. They're deranged and indecent and seem designed at least in part to distract us from the horrific death, health, and economic crisis caused by the pandemic. The pandemic, which impacts you, is what we will continue to focus on." However, CNN's star political anchor was met with intense backlash with many suggesting he too is guilty of the actions he was scolding the president and his supporters for. "This is gaslighting: conflate legitimately stupid actions -- like retweeting of memes -- with accusations of wrongdoing for which there is tons of evidence -- 'Obamagate.' Moreover, you've covered every unsubstantiated smear for four years. Spare us the fake outrage," National Review writer David Harsanyi reacted. Tapper was one of the prominent cable news personalities who championed the Russian collusion narrative. "Sorry bro, you lost all credibility when your network went full reality TV Glass houses, stones, pots and kettles, you get it," journalist Tim Pool told the anchor. The Daily Caller's Greg Price shared a montage highlighting Tapper's Russia collusion coverage including his sitdowns with House Intelligence Committee Chairman Adam Schiff, D-Calif., who repeatedly claimed he had seen "evidence" that the Trump campaign had coordinated with the Kremlin. The montage also featured the airtime Tapper spent on Julie Swetnick, the third accuser and former client of disgraced anti-Trump lawyer Michael Avenaitti who came forward against Supreme Court Justice Brett Kavanaugh with an allegation that the Trump appointee participated in a "gang rape," a claim that was refuted. “'I’m not saying I don’t believe them' Jake Tapper said, of Swetnick’s patently absurd, defamatory, and idiotic claim that high school aged Kavanaugh was part of a secret gang rape ring," radio host Buck Sexton reacted to Tapper's interview with Avenatti. Conservative talk radio host and former NRA spokesperson Dana Loesch joined the pile-on, invoking the treatment she received by Tapper and CNN when she appeared at an intense town hall following the Parkland shooting in 2018. "Respectfully, your network did this," Loesch told Tapper, sharing an image from the town hall Tapper moderated alongside disgraced former Broward County Sheriff Scott Israel. "It’s impossible for CNN to discuss smearing anyone when you consider not just what they did to me, but also others. When criticized, it’s presented as 'attacking a free press.' A free press is to aid a free people in gov’t accountability, not attack them on behalf of 1 party," Loesch said. "Here’s the whole thread with video from the townhall wherein CNN made me the piñata for an arena of people they incited by how they organized the event. This is before they allowed for me to be repeatedly smeared as a murderer on their airwaves — if they want to discuss smears," she continued, sharing footage of the angry crowds she faced at the event. Tapper continued his shaming on Sunday's installment of "State of the Union," where he called out "cowardly" Republican lawmakers for not condemning President Trump's recent firing of the State Department watchdog. He called the controversy surrounding the Flynn unmasking a "crackpot conspiracy theory" during an interview with Sen. Ron Johnson, R-Wisc. He also had a rather hostile exchange with HHS Secretary Alex Azar, who pushed back against Tapper's assertion that the death rate from the coronavirus is "worse" in the U.S. than "anyone else." "No, that’s actually not factually correct," Azar told Tapper. "When you look at mortality rates, that's simply not correct as the precent of diagnosed cases." "I'm just looking at the number of dead bodies," Tapper disregarded Azar's retort. The HHS secretary then went on to explain that the high death count in the U.S. is linked to a population with "high comorbidities," particularly among minority groups as it has been reported. But Tapper appeared to suggest that Azar was victim-blaming those who have caught the virus. "I want to give you an opportunity to clear it up because it sounded like you were saying that the reason there are so many dead Americans is because we're unhealthier than the rest of the world and I know that's not what you meant," Tapper said. "No, I think we have a significantly disproportionate burden of comorbidities in the United States, obesity, hypertension, and diabetes -- these are demonstrated facts that make us at risk for any type of disease burden," Azar responded. "Of course," Tapper said, "but that doesn't mean it's the fault of the American people that our government failed to take the adequate steps back in February-" "Oh, my goodness," Azar exclaimed. "Please don't distort. This is not about fault, this is simple epidemiology. ... That's all that I was saying and you know that. One doesn't blame an individual for their health conditions. That would be absurd. It's simply a statement that we do have greater risk profiles here in the United States." One Twitter user reacted to the exchange, "This interview by @jaketapper is shameful. This isn't journalism, this is pushing a political narrative." NewsBusters managing editor Curtis Houck slammed Tapper for peddling the Steele dossier that contained Russian disinformation from the 2016 election and for the "show trial" he conducted with Loesch at the Parkland town hall, noting if there was a "singular event in which the well was poisoned for many conservatives" with the CNN anchor, "that was it." "It’s sad to see Jake Tapper take a turn into being just another company man shoveling Jeff Zucker’s buckets of hate. This Zucker foot soldier has peddled one CNN conspiracy after another, offered childish commentaries, and feigned outrage as though he were the last honest man in America," Houck told Fox News. "At this rate, you can’t tell the difference between Tapper, Chris Cuomo, Don Lemon, and Brian Stelter. All Trump hate, all the time."
https://www.foxnews.com/media/eugene-scalia-jobs-waiting-for-workers-coronavirus|4 days ago|Labor Secretary tells workers affected by pandemic their jobs are 'waiting for them to go back to'|Labor Secretary Eugene Scalia joined " " Monday and discussed the importance of liability protections that would shield businesses from what he called "frivolous" legal action as state economies reopen. "You have businesses and workers looking for clarity and confidence about the practices in the workplace going forward," Scalia told host Bret Baier. "And so a number of businesses are worried that they're doing what they think are all the right things, but might nonetheless face a frivolous lawsuit. "Our focus at the Labor Department, you know, we have the Occupational Safety and Health Administration [OSHA] at the department. We've been working very closely with the CDC, providing guidance for workplaces or a variety of types of work settings. "My own view is that businesses taking those steps should not be subject to lawsuits, but that there is concern on their part that frivolous cases might nonetheless be brought," Scalia added. Last week, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, R-Ky., emphasized that any further coronavirus aid legislation would have to include liability protection for businesses and other organizations that resume operations amid the pandemic. "Our red line is going to be liability protections for those who are brave enough to begin to open up the economy again in the wake of the trial lawyers who are descending already on hospitals and doctors and businesses as of about a week and a half ago," McConnell said. Scalia also told Baier he was optimistic the economy could turn around quickly. "[What] I've been very focused on from the Bureau of Labor Statistics' last monthly report is the 90 percent, nearly 90 percent, of Americans on unemployment who say they believe it's temporary. That would include all the sectors," Scalia said. "I think you've identified the great majority of people when they're surveyed say they think it's temporary unemployment. There's a job there that's waiting for them to go back to. We want to make it safe. That's what we were just talking about. But if we can do it safely and quickly, I think we can turn this around more quickly than other economic downturns we've had."
https://video.foxnews.com/v/6157570260001/|__clean_error__|__clean_error__|
https://video.foxnews.com/v/6157565225001/|__clean_error__|__clean_error__|
https://video.foxnews.com/v/6157562200001/|__clean_error__|__clean_error__|
https://video.foxnews.com/v/6157554278001/|__clean_error__|__clean_error__|
https://www.foxnews.com/media/juan-williams-trump-hydroxychloroquine-coronavirus-white-house|4 days ago|Juan Williams: Trump taking hydroxychloroquine shows 'he's worried about getting sick' in White House|" " co-host Juan Williams said Monday that 's disclosure that he has been taking the antimalarial drug hydroxychloroquine shows that he may be concerned about while working in the White House. "It's all about him," he said. "What's interesting to me in this breaking news is, I guess he's worried about getting sick, and more so than I might have appreciated if he has been taking this [medication] for a week and a half." On May 8, Vice President Mike Pence's press secretary, Katie Miller, confirmed that she had tested positive for the coronavirus. One day earlier, the White House announced that a member of the U.S. military who works as one of Trump's valets had also tested positive for the virus. "I think the president is worried, and we know ... that the president is a germaphobe," said Williams, who noted that the president has not worn a mask in public. "Somebody told me the other day that even now the White House mess [hall] is closed," he added."[T]hat's pretty severe for people who work at the White House." Williams then mused about the White House is more on-edge about Trump or Pence contracting the virus than it has stated publicly and noted that in New York state indicated that hydroxychloroquine yielded no benefits. "[B]ut apparently the president believes his own spin," Williams concluded. "Because you're not getting it from any government or academic authority."
https://www.foxnews.com/entertainment/penn-tellers-magic-shows-go-on-from-home-during-coronavirus-lockdown|4 days ago|Penn & Teller's magic shows go on, from home, during coronavirus lockdown|Need some relief from the pandemic? Magicians hope to pull off a heck of a trick on Monday — make fears of the coronavirus disappear, at least for an hour. The duo, who went full DIY, star in the CW’s special “Penn & Teller: Try This at Home,” created and filmed entirely by the homebound magicians and their friends. “It is a fascinating challenge to be able to do magic for people when you can’t touch anything,” said Penn Jillette, the taller, more vocal half of the group, who goes by his first name. “It’s not even a retooling. It’s a complete ground-up rethink.” Teller — Raymond Teller, the silent onstage partner — does a trick with two bowls and seven tin foil balls, and also submerges into his home swim spa with a snorkel to make magic with yellow sponge balls. “It was much, much harder than I ever dreamed,” he said. Magicians Shin Lim and Michael Carbonaro share some of their tricks, and illusionist Mac King reveals a cool one — taking uncooked popcorn, pouring it into a paper lunch bag and somehow using his phone’s light to turn it into cooked popcorn. The special’s name is a riff off the title of a TV special they did years ago, “Don’t Try This at Home.” This time they want the audience to try the tricks on their families and maybe amuse delivery people. “We have a bunch of tricks that they can learn and actually do and actually practice,” said Penn, whose wife did his hair and makeup and who was also in charge of sound, camera and props. The duo decided to dress in formal clothes and avoid directly talking about COVID-19. “That was an artistic choice,” said Penn. “You know, ‘Can we do a special that is entirely created by the pandemic without pandering to it?’” Says Teller: “We didn’t ignore totally the fact that this was being done during a pandemic. We just we just put it in its place.” The show marks the 45th anniversary of Penn & Teller, who started working together in 1975. Penn was in high school in Massachusetts, and Teller was a high school Latin teacher in New Jersey. Both adored magic and established a friendship. “Teller wormed his way into my heart by buying me dinner, which is really all it took to get my full attention and really doesn’t take much more nowadays,” Penn joked. Some of the highlights for Penn over the years is meeting and becoming friends with his heroes, including Frank Zappa and Bob Dylan. When he met Lou Reed, Penn was the actual president of the Lou Reed Fan Club. “Lou said one of the funniest thing that’s ever been said to me — he said ‘Penn, if we’re going to be friends, you need to stop crying,’” Penn recalled. One of Teller’s highlights is their on “Saturday Night Live,” in which they seemed to do tricks that defied gravity. Only at the end of their set was it revealed that they had been hanging upside down the whole time. Despite all their appearances in Vegas or on Broadway or the millions watching on TV, Penn & Teller still cherish the early days, when about 100 people would come to see them at carnivals or fairs. “The goal was to do shows. The goal was not the venue,” Penn said. Teller agrees: “The scale doesn’t make much difference because it’s still that difficult thing of trying to fool essentially one other human mind.”
https://www.foxnews.com/entertainment/tim-allen-tyra-banks-fox-at-home-hobbies-coronavirus-quarantine|4 days ago|Tim Allen, Tyra Banks, more FOX stars share their at-home hobbies during coronavirus quarantine|With around the globe, the stars, like many other people, are waiting out the at home. Some celebs are staying active, some are lounging around and some are doing a little bit of both, but they're all keeping busy without leaving the house. "I'm gonna play Legos on the floor, I'm gonna read stories, I'm bathtime, pretending to be a dolphin with my hands," , who recently appeared on "Celebrity Watch Party," told Fox News. "My mom is playing kickball soccer with my son," the 46-year-old model said. "My mom is 71 and they're playing soccer in the house." Celebrity chef , a judge on "MasterChef Junior," said he and his son have been keeping busy with a variety of activities. "[From] cooking to play Nerf war to drawing a bunch, trying to get back to basics," Sánchez, 44, said. "Tons of puzzles." Meanwhile, " " star said he's diving back into academics to keep himself busy. "I was a philosophy major in college, I'm picking up old philosophy books," the 66-year-old actor shared. "Explaining how I think and feel these days because I'm inside a lot, I'm thinking a lot about that." Oliver Stark said some weeks, he's "super productive," but others, not so much. "Some weeks, you just kind of want to lay in bed and watch anything that's on TV," the "9-1-1" star, 28, said. Recent "Masked Singer" contestant , of course, has been filling his days by sharing music on YouTube, but also by following his fans' work that's being produced. "Letting people take the journey with me and me with them, watching them go out there," the 57-year-old rock star said of engaging with fans. "Everybody has given so much back. I'm watching everybody out there put great stuff up for people to see."
https://www.foxnews.com/media/greg-gutfeld-return-to-work-coronavirus-restrictions|4 days ago|Gutfeld proclaims Americans who want to return to work 'should be allowed the chance': 'They are adults'|" " co-host Greg Gutfeld said Monday that the country is "rested and ready" for an "even bigger" economic comeback after a new poll found that Americans appear to be happier, and less worried despite the ongoing . "I love this poll that found Americans are happier than they have been over the past year," Gutfeld said. "This is interesting because it speaks to the American optimism that we know a comeback is coming and it’s going to be even bigger because our country is rested and ready." Gutfeld added, "I have a feeling this economy is going to be like a giant roaring beast that’s going to be awakened after a drugged hibernation." The poll released Monday a 12 percent drop in overall worry among Americans from late March/early April and a five percent uptick in general happiness as states begin to reopen across the country. Wading into the ongoing controversy over when to lift restrictions, Gutfeld repeated a favorite phrase by saying Democrats are stuck in "the prison of two ideas." "Any time you frame a question with a negative in it, people are going to go for the positive," he said. "Would you like to go back early and potentially die? Oh, no. So that means you’d rather stay [locked down] indefinitely," Gutfeld argued. "The questions are framed in a way to get the answer." Gutfeld praised New Jersey gym owner Ian Smith, who reopened his Bellmawr-based facility against Gov. Phil Murphy’s orders. "They are people that actually want to get back to work. They are adults," he said. "They should be allowed the chance."
https://www.foxnews.com/lifestyle/dad-turns-house-into-giant-ball-pit-while-family-self-isolates|4 days ago|Dad turns house into giant ball pit while family self isolates|should never be left home by themselves. Being with the entire family can be hard, so one father in England decided to make the home a little more fun. Naturally, this meant turning the house into a giant ball pit. Joel Conder and his family decided to self-isolate during the coronavirus pandemic due to certain health issues, Southwest News Service (SWNS) reports. Feeling bad for his daughters, who were unable to go out, he decided to fill the house with 250,000 balls to make things more fun. Enlisting the help of a friend, Conder filled the house while he was the only one home and nobody knew what was happening. “My wife and my kids didn’t know, I was working on the idea with my friend and I was like, ‘It can’t just be like a few balls around your ankles, you’ve got to jump in and get lost in it,’' Conder told SWNS. “We as a family started to isolate, we started to cut down on things we were doing,” he explained. “We wouldn’t take the kids to soft play, I stopped taking Chloe to swimming lessons. So I thought, ‘Oh my goodness, this is perfect, we can create our own soft play at our house, by turning it into a giant ball pit.'” Conder said that his daughters, Kaci, Grace, Sophie and Chloe, came home before their mom. “Everything was worth it just for that reaction,” he said. “They were shrieking with laughter. Kaci was like, ‘Mom’s going to kill you.’ Then Sarah came home, her face was like, 'Oh my god, what have you done?'” Fortunately, Conder’s wife seems to have come around. "Then she dived in and started playing with all of us,” he said. “It’s honestly one of the best memories I think we will have.”
https://www.foxnews.com/entertainment/naomi-campbell-hazmat-suit-face-shield-plane|4 days ago|Naomi Campbell wears full hazmat suit and face shield to fly amid coronavirus pandemic: 'On the move'|isn't taking any risks while traveling during the pandemic. The 49-year-old supermodel posted a selfie over the weekend while on a plane. She donned a full hazmat suit, goggles, mask and face shield as she sat in her seat, which had a pink blanket over it. “On the move....,” she captioned the photo. One person wrote, “Safe travels.” Another fan commented, “Stay safe queen.” A third said, “Full protection." Campbell previously wore a hazmat suit to the airport in March. “Safety first," she captioned the snap at the time and explained she purchased the PPE weeks before on Amazon. In a recent interview with , the fashion mogul and subsequent quarantine. "The way I live my life and wearing a mask and doing what I've been doing for over 17 years is just what I've done," Campbell said. "[The habit] is very influenced from working a lot in Japan, that's where I got a lot of that from. I would say that the mask and the hygiene, that was just something I just threw in there, but the starting of wearing the mask came from Tokyo." As for her mindset while stuck inside? Campbell is trying to focus on the positive. "What can I say, we can't live in regret of 'we should have done this, we should have done that,'" the model explained. "We are where we are right now. We have to do the best to save lives and not lose any more people..." Campbell said she's hoping someone will discover something that can "heal us and protect us from" coronavirus, noting that in the meantime, she's enjoying "cleaning my own house." The model also said that she's spending time in reflection. "A very important thing is touch and we have to learn this lesson why this is happening," Campbell said. "It's not just 'we are isolated.' We are isolated, but use this time to really soul-search and reflect why, and we cannot come out of this the same way." She added: "We mustn't, we mustn't come out the same way." Campbell also praised the health care workers who are fighting the novel virus, as well as those contributing to keeping society afloat.
https://video.foxnews.com/v/6157584692001/|__clean_error__|__clean_error__|
