https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/three-more-vietnamese-beat-covid-19-4101316.html|&nbspMay 18, 2020 04:53 pm GMT+7|Three more Vietnamese beat Covid-19|Three Vietnamese patients were announced free of the novel coronavirus in Hanoi on Monday, bringing the national tally of active cases down to 57. Treated at Hanoi’s National Hospital of Tropical Diseases, two of the three, a 15-year-old and a 24-year-old, hail from Ha Loi Village, a major outbreak hub where a four-week lockdown was lifted two weeks ago. The teen girl was confirmed positive on April 10, and the other on April 13. The third patient, 22, is from the northern province of Bac Giang. She was studying in Japan and returned on April 22. She was confirmed positive two days later. Vietnam has recorded 320 Covid-19 cases to date, and 263 of them have recovered. There has been no community transmission for over a month.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/vietnam-prepares-second-phase-testing-of-covid-19-vaccine-4102482.html|&nbspMay 21, 2020 08:15 am GMT+7|Vietnam prepares second phase testing of Covid-19 vaccine|A potential Covid-19 vaccine produced in Vietnam will be tested on 30 mice in order to determine its most effective dose. The second phase of testing will be carried out early June, said Dr. Do Tuan Dat, head of the Hanoi-based VABIOTECH company, which produces vaccines. During the first testing phase, 50 mice in the lab remained healthy two weeks after they were injected with the vaccine on April 26. On May 14, researchers sent the mice’s blood samples to the National Institute of Hygiene and Epidemiology for first evaluation. The vaccine has been developed by collaborating scientists of VABIOTECH and the U.K.’s Bristol University. Dat said that since the end of January when the Covid-19 pandemic broke out in Vietnam, VABIOTECH researchers have been working with scientists at the Bristol University to produce a vaccine for the disease. If the tests prove successful on mice, the research team will seek funding from international agencies to take their work further. The company estimates it will take at least 12-18 months to develop a Covid-19 vaccine that can work safely on humans. A vaccine is generally considered the most effective way to fight a viral disease. There is currently no approved vaccine or medication for the Covid-19, which has infected more than five million people with reported deaths rising above 329,000. Around 150 Covid-19 vaccine development projects are being carried out worldwide. Eight vaccines have begun human testing. On Monday, Moderna, the Massachusetts biotechnology company, announced promising early results from its first human safety tests on eight volunteers. With no new case confirmed, Wednesday marked day 34 without a new coronavirus infection caused by community transmission in Vietnam. The nation's Covid-19 tally now stands at 324, with 60 active cases, the rest having recovered.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/critical-covid-19-patient-virus-free-remains-on-life-support-4102141.html|&nbspMay 20, 2020 10:44 am GMT+7|Critical Covid-19 patient virus free, remains on life support|With five negative tests in 10 days, Vietnam’s most seriously ill Covid-19 patient, a British man, is free of the novel coronavirus. His condition, however, remains critical and he remains on life support. Luong Ngoc Khue, director of the Administration of Medical Examination and Treatment under the Health Ministry, said the Hospital for Tropical Diseases in Ho Chi Minh City has "fulfilled its mission of treating the British man," tagged as "Patient 91." In the past 19 days, he has tested negative for the virus five times. "Now it can be confirmed that he is free from the novel coronavirus," Khue said. "Patient 91," 43, is a pilot working for national flag carrier Vietnam Airlines. He was admitted to the hospital on March 18. City authorities later confirmed that he turned out to be the source of transmission at its biggest Covid-19 hotspot, the Buddha Bar & Grill in Thao Dien Ward, District 2, which saw 19 people, including many foreigners, get infected. His condition worsened quickly and he has been hospitalized for more than two months. At present, he has been completely reliant on a life support machine called extracorporeal membrane oxygenation (ECMO). Doctors said he suffers from a blood clotting disorder and cytokine storm syndrome, an intense immune response where the immune system releases a lot of cytokines through the bloodstream, which works against the body. The HCMC Hospital for Tropical Diseases announced Tuesday that 20-30 percent of his lungs could now function, compared to just 10 percent a week ago. However, hospital director Nguyen Vinh Chau said a lung transplant is still on agenda, as decided by the Health Ministry last week. For now, the patient is still suffering from pleural infection and is not ready for a transplant. Free of the virus, he has been transferred to the Cho Ray Hospital for further treatment. Experts from the ministry will work together to decide whether he needs more organ transplants besides his lungs, because some of them have been damaged, Chau said, without elaborating. The nation has spent about VND5 billion ($215,000) over the past two months on the British man, and the estimated cost of a lung transplant is about VND1.5-2 billion ($65,000 to 86,000). The Viet Duc Hospital in Hanoi has been asked to get ready to operate once the patient is eligible for a lung transplant and a matching donor is found. So far, 60 people in Vietnam have volunteered to donate part of their lungs to the British man, but doctors said they would give priority to donations from brain-dead donors. The situation is complicated by the fact that when he was still conscious. Under current regulations in Vietnam, all surgical interventions must be agreed to by the patient or the patient's authorized representative. Vietnam has not recorded any new Covid-19 patient since Monday evening. The nation’s Covid-19 tally stands at 324, including 60 active patients. The rest have recovered.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/two-more-covid-19-patients-recover-in-hanoi-4103147.html|&nbspMay 21, 2020 09:00 pm GMT+7|Two more Covid-19 patients recover in Hanoi|Two Covid-19 patients in Hanoi, including a relapse, have fully recovered, it was confirmed Thursday, bringing Vietnam’s active cases down to 58. The two patients, both women, were treated at the National Hospital of Tropical Diseases. One of them is a 44-year-old woman who works for the Truong Sinh Company, which provides food and logistics services for several Hanoi hospitals, including the Bach Mai Hospital, which had become a major outbreak site. She is a relapse case who was first confirmed infected on March 29 before being discharged on April 16, then found to have relapsed on April 18. The other patient is a 60-year-old woman from Ha Loi Village, another major outbreak site. She was confirmed infected on April 13. "I cried all the time, because I’d neither fallen sick nor made contact with anyone. Even those who were infected with Covid-19 were several hundred meters away from my house, then why did I get infected?" she recalled, expressing happiness on being told she has recovered. Vietnam has confirmed 324 Covid-19 cases so far and has recorded no community transmission for over a month. The country’s most seriously ill Covid-19 patient, a 43-year-old British man designated as "Patient 91," was announced free of the novel coronavirus Wednesday morning. However, his condition remains critical and he is on life support. Doctors said Thursday said they were trying to help the patient breathe with his own lungs by gradually making him less dependent on the extracorporeal membrane oxygenation (ECMO) machine. His lungs are now 30 percent functional, compared to 10 percent a week earlier. "The patient’s lungs are getting better, so ECMO stats are being gradually reduced so the patient can practice breathing with his own lungs," said Nguyen Van Vinh Chau, director of the HCMC Hospital for Tropical Diseases, where the patient is being treated. Reducing ECMO stats means reducing blood flow speed and oxygenation levels facilitated by the technique, allowing the lungs to play a bigger role in oxygenation. Once the stats have gotten low enough and oxygenation levels are still fine, the patient can stop relying on ECMO, said Chau. The Health Ministry had earlier announced a decision to give "Patient 91" a lung transplant. It planned to transfer him to Cho Ray Hospital for further treatment and even back to the U.K. when he's well enough to fly.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/another-russia-returnee-tests-covid-19-positive-4100191.html|&nbspMay 16, 2020 06:30 am GMT+7|Another Russia returnee tests Covid-19 positive|The Health Ministry confirmed one new coronavirus patient Saturday morning, raising the active cases in Vietnam to 54. The new patient is a 62-year-old Vietnamese woman from Thieu Hoa District in the north-central province of Thanh Hoa. She flew from Russia to Vietnam on Vietnam Airlines flight VN0062, seat 53B, that landed Wednesday in the northern province of Quang Ninh. She was quarantined on arrival at a facility in Chi Linh Town, Hai Duong Province. Her samples were taken the same day for testing and she was confirmed positive Friday. She is now undergoing treatment at the Hai Duong Hospital for Tropical Diseases. 24 passengers on the same flight with her, all Vietnamese citizens who were repatriated under a government program to bring home Vietnamese people living and working abroad, were confirmed positive Friday morning. A Vietnamese returnee from the UAE was confirmed positive in the evening. The latest case brings the nation’s total count to 314, of whom 260 have recovered. Saturday morning marks day 30 that Vietnam has gone without recording any Covid-19 case caused by community transmission. Prime Minister Nguyen Xuan Phuc said at a government meeting Friday that all forces in the nation have to continue making efforts to curb the spread of Covid-19, be ready to act if it is detected in the community and remain focused on preventing all transmission sources from abroad. For now, Vietnam will continue to close its doors to commercial flights and foreign tourists, he said. The Covid-19 pandemic has affected 213 countries and territories, with more than 308,100 deaths reported.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/mekong-delta-province-reports-covid-19-quarantine-breach-4103120.html||Mekong Delta province reports Covid-19 quarantine breach|The Mekong Delta's Bac Lieu Province has quarantined a local vendor and his family after he made contact with a Covid-19 patient. Tran Khanh Vui, 32, a local vendor, made contact with a 33-year-old male Covid-19 patient currently under treatment at a quarantine zone inside the Bac Lieu General Hospital on May 16. The incident was exposed after another Covid-19 patient in the hospital informed authorities on May 19 that someone from the outside had entered the hospital’s quarantine zone. The Bac Lieu Steering Committee for Prevention and Control of Covid-19 said that subsequent investigation found that the 33-year-old Covid-19 patient had asked Vui to buy him cigarettes twice. The first time, Vui brought the cigarettes himself; then he asked his 9-year-old daughter to buy the cigarettes and deliver them to the Covid-19 patient. After his contact with the Covid-19 patient on May 16, Vui continued to interact with several members of his community afterwards. A 50-year-old man, Tran Bich Hien, was confirmed to have made contact with Vui’s family. Authorities are trying to trace people who have made contact with Vui’s family and Hien, while the Bac Lieu General Hospital is also trying to see if anyone else inside the hospital made contact with Vui. Vui’s family members and Hien have since been taken into the quarantine zone of the Bac Lieu General Hospital for Covid-19 testing. Doctor Bui Quoc Nam, Director of Bac Lieu's Health Department, said their first Covid-19 tests have come back with negative results. Police have been asked to guard the hospital to prevent similar incident. Bac Lieu General Hospital is treating 17 Covid-19 patients, who were among 297 Vietnamese repatriated from the UAE on May 3. Vietnam has confirmed 324 Covid-19 cases so far, 60 of them active. The nation has gone without community transmission of the disease for more than a month.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/business/economy/government-proposes-lower-growth-targets-after-covid-19-impacts-4102316.html|&nbspMay 20, 2020 01:14 pm GMT+7|Government proposes lower growth targets after Covid-19 impacts|Vietnam's government will submit lower economic growth targets to the parliament, given the disruption of trade and business activities by the coronavirus pandemic. Prime Minister Nguyen Xuan Phuc said at a National Assembly session Wednesday that the pandemic has severely damaged all sectors, and the earlier economic expansion target of 6.8 percent will be difficult to achieve. The government has earlier mentioned revised GDP growth targets of 4.5 percent or 5.4 percent this year, depending on the global situation. Phuc said specific targets including other economic indicators will be submitted after obtaining approval from the Politburo, the main decision-making body of the Communist Party of Vietnam. The government also wants to lower the export growth target from 7 percent to 4 percent, and for the fiscal deficit to increase by 1.31 percent to 4.75 percent. Public debt target will also increase by 3.2 percent to 55.5 percent of the GDP. The Economic Committee of the National Assembly has noted that the coronavirus impact on the economy has been severe, reflected by the 10-year low in first quarter GDP growth at 3.82 percent. National Assembly Chairwoman Nguyen Thi Kim Ngan acknowledged that all business, trade and investment activities have been disrupted by the pandemic. Drought, salt intrusion and hail have also adversely affected people’s lives, she added. However, Vietnam has also received international acclaim for its effective response to the pandemic, achieving initial success in containing the virus, Ngan noted. The country has gone 34 days without community transmission of the virus and recorded no death so far. The total count of active infections is 60 as 264 have recovered after treatment. PM Phuc also proposed that lawmakers postpone a plan to increase the base salary of civil servants this year in order to allot more resources to support normal workers affected by the pandemic. The National Assembly last year approved a raise in civil servants’ basic monthly wages to VND1.6 million ($68) starting July 1 this year. A civil servant’s salary is calculated by multiplying a base wage, which now stands at VND1.49 million ($64) after a 7.2 percent hike from July 1, with a coefficient determined by qualification and experience. Public sector employees have complained for years that their earnings are too low. Local economists said at a recent conference that low wages will continue to foster corruption in the public sector. In the current National Assembly session beginning Wednesday, lawmakers are set to ratify the landmark (EVFTA) and the EU-Vietnam Investment Protection Agreement (EVIPA). They will also vote on 10 laws, including the amended Law on Enterprises, the amended Investment Law, and the , and discuss six others. The National Assembly is also scheduled to approve the government's proposal on of some projects on North-South Expressway sections from PPP to wholly state-owned investments. The International Monetary Fund has forecast Vietnam’s this year while market research firm .
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/eight-covid-19-patients-recover-4096590.html|&nbspMay 8, 2020 07:43 pm GMT+7|Eight Covid-19 patients recover|Eight Covid-19 patients in Hanoi and the south-central province of Binh Thuan, including two relapses, have recovered. The recovered cases have brought the national count of active infections down to 47, the Health Ministry said Friday. Seven of recovered patients, Patients 130, 162, 209, 212, 226, 243 and 260 - four women and three men, were treated at Hanoi’s National Hospital for Tropical Diseases. "Patient 36," was treated at the Binh Thuan Traditional Medicine Hospital. "Patient 162" is a 63-year-old woman who took care of her mother-in-law at Hanoi’s Bach Mai Hospital, a major outbreak site, since March 17. Both were later confirmed infected with the novel coronavirus and treated at the National Hospital of Tropical Diseases in Binh Thuan. The mother-in-law was discharged three days ago. "When I knew that we both tested positive for the virus, I was so scared. For first few days I neither coughed nor had a fever, but I was feverish a couple days later," the daughter-in-law said. During her treatment, doctors found that the lungs of "Patient 162" were damaged and her blood oxygen level was low. However, she eventually recovered after testing negative for the virus five times in a row. "I’m feeling very happy right now, because I’m alive." Among the eight, "Patient 130" and "Patient 36" were relapsed cases. "Patient 130" is a 30-year-old man in Saigon who flew from Spain to Hanoi via Russia on March 22. He was first confirmed positive on March 24 and declared recovered on March 30. But he was found to be relapsed April 4, before being announced recovered again Friday. "Patient 36" is a 64-year-old woman in Binh Thuan who is a helper for a local businesswoman who was infected with the coronavirus. She was first confirmed positive on March 11 and discharged April 10. She was found to be relapsed on April 24, before her recovery was announced Friday. Vietnam recorded no new Covid-19 cases Friday evening, keeping the national tally at 288, of these 47 are active cases. The country's latest infections are 17 Vietnamese citizens repatriated from the UAE. There has been no community transmission for 22 days now.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/day-35-begins-without-covid-19-community-transmission-4102606.html|&nbspMay 21, 2020 06:27 am GMT+7|Day 35 begins without Covid-19 community transmission|Vietnam began Thursday morning with no new Covid-19 infection, also recording the 35th straight day without community transmission of the novel coronavirus. The nation’s Covid-19 tally stands at 324 as updated Monday evening. Of these, 60 are active patients and the other 264 have recovered. Of the total number of infections, 184 were imported and the rest caused by community transmission, of which there has been no instance since April 16. Vietnam has also recorded no death caused by Covid-19. The country’s most seriously ill Covid-19 patient, a 43-year-old British man designated as "Patient 91," was announced free of the novel coronavirus Wednesday morning after having five negative tests in 10 days. His condition, however, is still critical and he remains on life support. Health experts are getting him ready for a lung transplant as decided by the Health Ministry last week, but he suffers from pleural infection and is not ready for such an operation. The nation has spent about VND5 billion ($215,000) over the past two months on the Brit who works as a pilot for Vietnam Airlines. The Covid-19 pandemic has affected 213 countries and territories, with more than 329,000 deaths reported to date.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/flight-attendants-among-four-new-covid-19-patients-4101406.html|&nbspMay 18, 2020 06:26 pm GMT+7|Flight attendants among four new Covid-19 patients|Two flight attendants on board a repatriation flight from Russia were among four new Covid-19 patients in Vietnam, the Health Ministry confirmed Monday evening. The other two patients were passengers on board a repatriation flight from the U.S. The latest additions have taken the number of active infections in Vietnam to 61. "Patient 321," 44, and "Patient 322," 39, are residents of Phu Nhuan District, Ho Chi Minh City. They worked on Vietnam Airlines flight VN0062 from Russia that landed May 13 at the Van Don Airport in Quang Ninh Province. After completing their medical clearance and migration procedures, the entire cabin crew flew to Hanoi. At 10 a.m. the same day, the crew departed on flight VN7485 with no passengers from Hanoi to HCMC. They were isolated at Vietnam Airlines premises on Hong Ha Street in Tan Binh District after landing. The two attendants shared a room. The following day, both were tested for the first time and the results came out negative. Two days later, "Patient 321" had a fever of 38.2 degrees Celsius. On May 17, the results of his second test came out positive. After "Patient 321" had a fever, "Patient 322" was isolated in another room. His samples tested positive a day later. The two are currently being treated at the Cu Chi field hospital in HCMC. "Patient 323" is a 19-year-old woman and "Patient 324" a 18-year-old man. Both are residents of HCMC’s Tan Binh District and students in the U.S. who returned to Vietnam on flight VN001 that landed May 16 at Noi Bai Airport in Hanoi. The woman occupied seat 41D and the man 27K. The two were quarantined on arrival at the National Center for Security and Security Education in the Hanoi National University in Thach That District. They tested positive Sunday and are currently under treatment at the National Hospital of Tropical Diseases in the capital city. Also Monday, were confirmed free of the novel coronavirus in Hanoi. Vietnam has recorded 324 Covid-19 cases to date, 184 of them imported. Of these 263 have recovered after treatment. No deaths have been recorded so far and no community transmission recorded for over a month. Prime Minister Nguyen Xuan Phuc said late last week that the country will focus on preventing transmission sources from abroad. It will continue to close its doors to international commercial flights and foreign tourists, he said. Tran Dac Phu, a senior advisor at the Public Health Emergency Operations Center, said Sunday that Vietnam has Covid-19 infections. The pandemic has affected 213 countries and territories, with reported deaths are close to 315,000.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/vietnam-records-no-new-covid-19-case-tuesday-morning-4101214.html|&nbspMay 19, 2020 06:27 am GMT+7|Vietnam records no new Covid-19 case Tuesday morning|With no new case Tuesday morning, Vietnam began day 33 without any community transmission of the Covid-19 virus. The nation’s Covid-19 count stands at 324 after four - two flight attendants on a repatriation flight from Russia and two students repatriated from the U.S. - were added Monday evening. Of these, 61 are active and 263 have recovered, including three Vietnamese patients confirmed free of the novel coronavirus Monday. Vietnam has not recorded any cases caused by community transmission since April 16. So far 184 of its Covid-19 cases have been imported. Tran Dac Phu, a senior advisor with the Public Health Emergency Operations Center, said Sunday that Vietnam was capable of quarantining arrivals from abroad and testing them to detect infection, hence imported cases were not a matter of worry. Community transmission should remain the bigger concern, he added, warning that once it happens and spreads quickly, the medical system would be overwhelmed. Vietnam currently has more than 11,000 people in quarantine, 302 of them in hospitals, nearly 9,000 at centralized facilities and the rest at home. The Covid-19 pandemic has thus far affected 213 countries and territories, and reported deaths have reached nearly 320,000.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/another-covid-19-relapsed-patient-recovers-in-vietnam-4102047.html|&nbspMay 19, 2020 09:01 pm GMT+7|Another Covid-19 relapsed patient recovers in Vietnam|Vietnam discharged another relapsed Covid-19 patient Tuesday and the lung function of its most critical patient showed some improvement. A 21-year-old Vietnamese student who'd returned from France was announced Covid-19 free Tuesday evening. "Patient 92" was confirmed positive on March 21 after returning from Paris and discharged from the Cu Chi Field Hospital in Ho Chi Minh City on April 14. However, he tested positive again on April 30 and was admitted to the city's Hospital for Tropical Diseases for further treatment. Since early May, he had repeatedly tested negative. The hospital announced that he is free from Covid-19, but will be kept under medical monitoring for another 14 days. So far, Vietnam has recorded 12 Covid-19 relapses of whom six have recovered. Health experts have said the virus samples taken from relapsed patients are "inactive" and the virus cannot be transmitted to others. They have also said relapsed patients are not given the same dosage of medicines as new fresh Covid-19 patients. Instead, the focus is on monitoring symptoms of the relapse and repeat testing of samples. Meanwhile, "Patient 91," a British man who has been Vietnam’s most critical Covid-19 case to date, has shown some progress, Nguyen Vinh Chau, director of the HCMC Hospital for Tropical Diseases, said Tuesday. The most recent computed tomography scan results showed that 20-30 percent of his lungs could now function, compared to just 10 percent a week ago. However, he is still completely reliant on a life support machine called extracorporeal membrane oxygenation (ECMO), and a lung transplant is still on the agenda, Chau said. The Health Ministry has announced last week a decision to provide a lung transplant for the 43-year-old patient, who works as a pilot for national flag carrier Vietnam Airlines. The nation has spent about VND5 billion ($215,000) over the past two months on him, and the estimated cost of a lung transplant is about VND1.5-2 billion ($65,000 to 86,000). Another obstacle in the case is that when he was still conscious. Under current regulations in Vietnam, all surgical interventions must be agreed to by the patient or the patient's authorised representative. Vietnam did not record a new Covid-19 patient Tuesday, marking the 33rd day in a row that it has gone without a community infection. The nation’s Covid-19 tally is 324, including 61 active patients. The rest have recovered.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/17-repatriated-vietnamese-test-covid-19-positive-4095737.html|&nbspMay 7, 2020 06:27 pm GMT+7|17 repatriated Vietnamese test Covid-19 positive|Vietnam confirmed 17 new Covid-19 cases Thursday evening, all of them repatriated on a flight from the UAE and quarantined upon arrival. Three of them are members of the same family who lived with a Covid-19 patient in Dubai. Of the new cases, six are male and 11 female. One of the patients is an newborn boy and the rest are between 20 and 58 years of age. The new patients are among on Vietnam Airlines flight VN0088 last Sunday. The flight landed at the Can Tho Airport in the Mekong Delta and all passengers were quarantined at a university dorm in nearby Bac Lieu Province. The 17 infected are now treated at the Bac Lieu General Hospital. The flight crew have also been quarantined. Thursday's update has raised Vietnam's infection tally to 288, of which 55 are active. Twenty-one of the active cases have tested negative at least once. Vietnam has ended 21 days without community tranmission of the disease. Officials have said that although the condition inside Vietnam is stable, authorities need to tighten control on all arrivals from abroad. In April and early May, Vietnam has repatriated 1,700 citizens from Canada, Japan, France, Thailand and the UAE. Another 300 Vietnamese are expected to return from Canada, Malaysia and the U.S. by Monday. Around 21,000 people are currently quarantined in Vietnam. Over 6,100 of them are quarantined in hospitals and isolation camps, while the rest are self-isolated at home. The Covid-19 pandemic has spread to 212 countries and territories, with more than 265,600 deaths reported so far.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/vietnam-records-no-new-covid-19-patient-wednesday-morning-4101857.html|&nbspMay 20, 2020 06:38 am GMT+7|Vietnam records no new Covid-19 patient Wednesday morning|With no new case confirmed, Wednesday morning marked day 34 that Vietnam has begun without a new coronavirus infection caused by community transmission. The nation's Covid-19 tally now stands at 324, with 60 active and 264 having recovered. The latest recovery of a relapsed patient was confirmed Tuesday evening. Addressing online the 73rd session of the World Health Assembly Tuesday, Vietnam’s Deputy Health Minister Nguyen Thanh Long shared with the international community Vietnam’s experiences in fighting and containing the Covid-19 virus. He said Vietnam has been following four-pronged strategy of prevention, early detection, quarantine and elimination with the active involvement of local authorities and the public. "Vietnam has well controlled the spread of the disease and is yet to record any death caused by Covid-19," he said. The nation has nearly 8,000 people in quarantine in the nation, people coming or returning from abroad, and those who have come into close contact with Covid-19 patients. Over 5,000 are quarantined at centralized facilities, 331 at hospitals, and the rest at home or other accommodations. "Patient 91," a 43-year-old British man who has been Vietnam’s most critical Covid-19 case thus far, has shown some progress, according to the HCMC Hospital for Tropical Diseases. It said Tuesday that the most recent computed tomography scan results, showed that 20-30 percent of the patient's lungs could now function, compared to just 10 percent a week ago. However, he remained completely reliant on a life support machine called extracorporeal membrane oxygenation (ECMO), and a lung transplant is still needed, doctors said. The Covid-19 pandemic has affected 213 countries and territories, with more than 324,400 deaths reported.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/business/industries/construction-giants-not-immune-from-covid-19-impacts-4101036.html|&nbspMay 18, 2020 09:32 am GMT+7|Construction giants not immune from Covid-19 impacts|The biggest names in Vietnam’s construction industry, Coteccons, Hoa Binh, and FLC Faros, have seen Q1 revenues fall as Covid-19 slows the economy. Although most securities companies consider it the industry least affected by the novel coronavirus, the collective Q1 revenues of all construction firms listed on the Ho Chi Minh Stock Exchange (HoSE), Vietnam’s main bourse, fell 7 percent year-on-year. A General Statistics Office (GSO) survey on the construction industry found half the respondents complaining of difficulties in the first quarter. Most named a slowdown in the real estate market and dwindling foreign investment as major growth constraints in this period. Coteccons, the biggest construction firm in Vietnam by market capitalization, said in its Q1 report that revenues fell 16 percent against the same period last year to VND3.55 trillion ($152 million). General difficulties in the construction industry such as rising cost of materials and labor, along with the Covid-19 epidemic delaying the construction of major projects were the main reasons behind the fall in growth, the company said in its report. Coteccons’s post-tax profits fell 34 percent year-on-year to VND123 billion ($5.27 million), the report said. FLC Faros, a blue chip on the HoSE and subsidiary of real estate giant FLC Group, also saw revenues drop 7 percent to VND809 billion ($34.7 million). But its post-tax profits plummeted 98.4 percent, however, to VND410 million ($17,580). A direct competitor of these two corporations, Hoa Binh Construction (HBC) also reported its post-tax profits falling 95 percent year-on-year to VND4 billion ($172,000). This has been the lowest quarter profit the HBC registered in over five years, with the company naming legal issues causing projects to halt or stop construction altogether as another reason for plummeting profits. Although HBC expects revenues to fall 25 percent year-on-year by the end of the year, and for net profits to fall 50 percent to VND200 billion ($8.58 million), its management considers even the lowered expectations difficult to meet as the company uses "high financial leverage in its capital structure, leading to high interest expenses significantly affecting completion of year-end objectives." By March-end, HBC’s equity was VND15 trillion ($643 million), of which VND11 trillion ($472 million) came from loans. According to the GSO survey, 65 percent of enterprises said they had to borrow to maintain production and business during the Covid-19 season, with interest costs accounting for 1.8 percent of total production costs. "The epidemic has greatly slowed down businesses’ cash flow, with banks slow to disburse capital and investors struggling to raise capital, which in turn leads to delayed payment of obligations," the GSO said. In a recent report to the Prime Minister, the Vietnam's Association of Construction Contractors said that social distancing and working from home has severely affected business effectiveness, as the firms needed to send personnel directly to construction sites to survey and inspect progress of projects. In their reports, some construction companies remain optimistic about the upcoming period, saying that there was potential work available to revive the industry. Securities firms have also assessed that the government’s focus on disbursement of public investment could support the industry in the second half of the year, along with proposed changes in public-private-partnership regulations allowing private investors to bid on state-owned construction infrastructure projects and being paid for in public land. However, in its recent strategic report, securities firm BSC Securities does not maintain a positive outlook on the sector for 2020, saying the value of new contracts is expected to fall in line with a slowdown in the real estate sector, an increase in receivables and increased financing costs. According to the GSO, Vietnam’s construction sector was worth VND35.84 trillion ($1.54 billion) in the first quarter, a growth of 4.4 percent year-on-year, the lowest growth registered since 2016. Year-on-year growth had hovered close to 9 percent each quarter in the last two years.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/vietnam-records-no-new-covid-19-case-monday-morning-4100878.html|&nbspMay 18, 2020 06:33 am GMT+7|Vietnam records no new Covid-19 case Monday morning|The Health Ministry confirmed no new Covid-19 patients Monday morning, marking the 32nd consecutive day without community transmission of the disease. Vietnam’s Covid-19 count now stays at 320, including 60 active patients. The rest have recovered. In the past 24 hours, two new cases were confirmed, both Vietnamese citizens returning from Russia on a repatriation flight. From April 16 to date, Vietnam has not recorded any case caused by community transmission. Of the nation’s total cases so far, 180 have been imported. However, Health Ministry representatives have said that infections among those coming from foreign countries should not be a public concern as they are quarantined on arrival. The country should be alert for community transmissions, they've said. The Covid-19 pandemic has spread to 213 countries and territories, and reported deaths have topped 316,500.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/vietnam-records-no-new-covid-19-patient-sunday-morning-4100589.html|&nbspMay 17, 2020 06:34 am GMT+7|Vietnam records no new Covid-19 patient Sunday morning|With no new case confirmed, Sunday morning marks day 31 that Vietnam has gone without a new Covid-19 infection caused by community transmission. The nation’s Covid-19 tally now stays at 318, including 58 active patients. In the last 24 hours, five more cases were confirmed, all Vietnamese citizens returning from abroad. Four returned on flights organized by the government to repatriate citizens. The other illegally returned to the southern province of Tay Ninh from Cambodia and was quarantined the next day. Nearly 9,000 people are currently quarantined in the country – returnees from abroad and those who have come into close contact with the arrivals and Covid-19 patients. More than 7,000 are quarantined at centralized facilities, 302 at hospitals, and the rest at home or other accommodation facilities. The Covid-19 pandemic has affected 213 countries and territories, with more than 312,300 deaths reported.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/covid-19-worsens-plight-of-disabled-people-in-vietnam-4098445.html|&nbspMay 17, 2020 01:00 pm GMT+7|Covid-19 worsens plight of disabled people in Vietnam|Almost all disabled people in Vietnam are worried about their financial situation amid the Covid-19 pandemic, a U.N. survey has found. The United Nations Development Program asked 968 respondents across the country last month about employment, health issues and main needs during the pandemic. Ninety six percent said they have concerns about their financial security. Twenty eight percent said their income dropped in March, 72 percent said their March income was less than a million dong ($42). In comparison, a worker got an last year of $242. The declining earnings meant 21 percent more people with disabilities were classified as poor compared to the previous 12 months. Almost 30 percent of the respondents relied on savings to survive. The pandemic, which has robbed as of mid-April, cost 30 percent of respondents their jobs. Among those who still have jobs, half face working hour cuts and 59 percent from pay cuts. Only 3 percent said they are actively looking for another job while 19 percent said they are "exploring additional ways." Two thirds of the working respondents have seasonal or informal jobs or are informal business owners, which possibly make them ineligible for unemployment allowances from the government. Early last month Prime Minister Nguyen Xuan Phuc unveiled a VND62 trillion ($2.6 billion) financial support package for poor people and businesses affected by the pandemic. Only people who are certified as severely and extremely severely disabled are automatically entitled to benefits. "This shows the significance of immediate disability-inclusive response because they are already the poorest of the poor, have now lost their job and cannot find alternative sources of income," the survey said. Nguyen Khanh, who works at Hanoi Association of People with Disabilities with over 14,500 members, many of whom took part in the survey, said members who have lost their jobs have been taking marketing online courses or do gig works at home. Some sell homemade cake and milk tea or home appliances and cosmetics online, Khanh said. While those recognized by the government’s relief package has received the support, many people who migrated to Hanoi for work or study have not, because their hometowns have never granted them a disability card, he said. Respondents said they were well and timely updated about the epidemic response. But only 16 percent said they have been supported with food, while 13 percent received some form of financial support. Only a fifth have received free masks and hand sanitizers, while a fraction (3 percent) have received training in health responses such as hand washing, a very low rate for a group at high risk. According to a 2016 National Survey on Persons with Disabilities, there are around 6.2 million people living with disabilities, accounting for 7 percent of the population. The number has increased due to the aging population and traffic accidents. The survey also pointed out that households with disabled persons are twice as likely to be poor as other households. Over 4 percent of the respondents were from ethnic minority groups like the Tay, H’mong and Nung. Dao Thu Huong, People with Disabilities Right officer of UNDP, said that because the diversity and number of respondents belonging to ethnic groups were less than the organization expected and due to the survey's rapid nature, they "could not make a deep analysis of their particular challenges." Challenges for women with disabilities working in the informal sector could be greater than for men, Huong said, adding that double discrimination against their gender and disability could worsen their situation.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/four-more-returnees-add-to-vietnam-s-covid-19-tally-4100516.html|&nbspMay 16, 2020 06:38 pm GMT+7|Four more returnees add to Vietnam’s Covid-19 tally|Four Vietnamese returning from overseas were confirmed infected with the novel coronavirus Saturday evening, raising the country's infection tally to 318. The latest additions also increase the number of active cases to 58. "Patient 315," a 39-year-old man of Tan Chau District in Tay Ninh Province on the Cambodian border, traveled by bus from home to Siem Reap on January 10. Then, he illegally returned to Vietnam by coach through a trail on May 2. Vietnam has closed borders with southwestern neighbor Cambodia and suspended entry as well as all cross-border activities since April. Cambodia said Saturday that the last of its 122 Covid-19 patients has recovered and the country has reported no new case since April 12. The man then took a motorbike taxi driven by a Cambodian national to his aunt's home in Tan Chau District. Upon his aunt's request, he reported his return to a nearby police station and was quarantined on May 3. On May 5, medical staff took his blood samples for testing and results showed he was Covid-19 negative. On Friday, he had his samples taken for the second time and the results showed he was infected with the virus. He is being treated at Tay Ninh General Hospital. Health officials said 17 people who had close contact with him have been quarantined at local health facilities. "Patient 316" is a 19-year-old youth from Da Nang in central Vietnam. On May 14, he returned to Vietnam from the Philippines on Bamboo Airways flight QH9352, one of the special flights operated by Vietnam since April to repatriate citizens from pandemic-hit countries. He was quarantined on arrival at the Can Tho International Airport in the Mekong Delta. He tested positive for the virus Friday and is being treated at the Sa Dec General Hospital in the delta’s Dong Thap Province. "Patient 317" is a 29-year-old man from Khanh Hoa Province in central Vietnam and "Patient 318" a 41-year-old woman from the north-central province of Thanh Hoa. They flew from Russia to Vietnam on Vietnam Airlines flight VN0062 that landed Wednesday in the northern province of Quang Ninh. They were quarantined on arrival at a facility in Thai Binh Province in northern Vietnam. Their samples were taken the same day for testing and they were confirmed positive Friday. They are now undergoing treatment at the Thai Binh General Hospital. The repatriation flight had from Russia. Saturday marks the 30th day that Vietnam has gone without recording any Covid-19 infection caused by community transmission. Prime Minister Nguyen Xuan Phuc has said that the country will focus on preventing transmission sources from abroad. It will continue to close its doors to international commercial flights and foreign tourists, he said. The Covid-19 pandemic has affected 213 countries and territories, with reported deaths close to 309,000.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/two-more-russia-returnees-test-covid-19-positive-4100805.html|&nbspMay 17, 2020 06:33 pm GMT+7|Two more Russia returnees test Covid-19 positive|The Health Ministry confirmed two new Covid-19 patients Sunday evening, both Vietnamese repatriated from Russia, raising the country’s infection tally to 320.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/vietnam-tests-covid-19-vaccine-on-mice-4093317.html|&nbspMay 3, 2020 04:00 pm GMT+7|Vietnam tests Covid-19 vaccine on mice|A potential coronavirus vaccine developed by Vietnam and the U.K. is being tested on mice for two weeks before further evaluation. The Covid-19 vaccine was developed after scientists successfully generated the novel coronavirus antigen in the lab, said Dr. Do Tuan Dat, President of the Company for Vaccine and Biological Production No.1 (VABIOTECH) in Hanoi. Antigen units are the most important ingredient in vaccine production, helping the body process antigens. Dat said the vaccine will be tested further in animals and evaluated for safety and effectiveness before a manufacturing process is embarked on. The vaccine has been developed by collaborating scientists at VABIOTECH and the U.K.’s Bristol University. A vaccine is said to be the most effective way to fight against a viral disease. Produced from weakened virus or a protein or other small "pieces" taken from it, a vaccine trains the body’s immune system to fight the disease it has not come into contact with before. After testing the VABIOTECH vaccine in mice for two weeks, scientists will conduct blood tests on the animal, sending samples to the National Institute of Hygiene and Epidemiology. According to the institute, it will take at least 12-18 months to develop Covid-19 vaccine that can work safely on human. There are currently no approved vaccines or medication for the Covid-19, which has killed nearly 245,000 people worldwide and infected almost 3.5 million. Around 150 Covid-19 vaccine development projects are being conducted worldwide. Human trials are underway at Oxford University in England for a coronavirus vaccine made from a chimpanzee virus, and in the U.S. for a different vaccine. In China, a firm is said to be ready for testing and mass production.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/eight-more-covid-19-patients-recover-in-hanoi-4099360.html|&nbspMay 14, 2020 05:05 pm GMT+7|Eight more Covid-19 patients recover in Hanoi|A doctor and seven other coronavirus patients in Hanoi were confirmed to have recovered Thursday, bringing Vietnam's active cases down to 28. The eight patients, three men and five women, were treated at the National Hospital of Tropical Diseases. Among them, Do Thi Kim Yen, 29, is a doctor at the hospital who was confirmed infected on March 25. She is Vietnam's second doctor to be infected with the novel coronavirus, the first one being one of her male colleagues, who recovered late last month. As a doctor, Yen said she understood that she was at high risk of cross-infection. So she was not too worried when she tested positive for the virus. "I was only worried that I could infect my colleagues, and about not knowing whether there were any other coworkers who were infected like me," she said, adding that she would return to work as the hospital distributes its workforce. Among the discharged patients is a 38-year-old man who’d taken care of his brother-in-law in Hanoi’s Bach Mai Hospital, a major outbreak site. He was confirmed infected on March 29. A 45-year-old woman, resident of Hanoi’s Ha Loi Village, another major outbreak site, had been confirmed infected on April 13, and is also among Thursday’s discharges. Two others are employees of the Truong Sinh Company, which provides food and logistic services for several Hanoi hospitals, including Bach Mai. The other three had entered Vietnam from abroad, including a 50-year-old man who was first confirmed infected on March 14, recovered on April 14 and relapsed on April 21. Vietnam has confirmed 288 Covid-19 cases so far. The Thursday additions bring the number of discharged patients in the country to 260. No community transmission has been recorded in the last 28 days.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/travel/places/most-vietnamese-preparing-for-post-covid-19-travel-4100419.html|&nbspMay 16, 2020 02:12 pm GMT+7|Most Vietnamese preparing for post Covid-19 travel|Nearly 86 percent of survey respondents said they were making travel plans for this year as the Covid-19 pandemic situation improves. Of these, 54.1 percent planned to visit popular tourist destinations this summer while 31.9 percent said they would travel at a different time this year and 14.1 percent said have no plans to do so this year. They survey on post Covid-19 travel trends, carried out by , polled 1,700 Vietnamese respondents. Nearly 50 percent of the respondents said they intend to make short trips of two to three days while 37.6 percent planned longer trips of four days to a week. Just 2.4 percent favored a one-day trip while 10.7 percent were looking at trips of more than a week. The survey found 60.5 percent of the respondents wanting to travel with their family, 29.1 percent with friends and 4.4 percent with their colleagues. Six percent preferred to travel alone. A dominant 67.2 percent said they would like to travel to coastal areas while 35.6 percent said they would choose popular tourist destinations. Resorts in mountainous areas found favor with 30.8 percent; 25 percent said eco-tourism sites; and 16 percent wanted to spend their vacation in major cities. Only 13.5 percent wished to travel at tourist attractions near homes. Nearly 80 percent of respondents said safety from the Covid-19 pandemic would be a leading decision making factor in choosing a holiday destination. Over 50 percent said they wanted to travel by plane, 20 percent planned to use their personal cars and 18 percent would hire cars. Just 2.2 percent were considering trains. Vietnamese carriers have resumed domestic flights, while international flights remain suspended. Prime Minister Nguyen Xuan Phuc said at a Friday meeting that Vietnam will continue to close its doors to commercial flights and foreign tourists to curb the spread of Covid-19 and remain focused on preventing all transmission sources from abroad. The survey also found 44.1 percent of respondents planning to book hotel rooms and tours through online platforms while 29.3 percent planned to contact tour operators directly. Vietnam has eased its social distancing restrictions since April 23 and its popular after a prolonged shutdown. The government has also allowed "non-essential" services to resume operation. All Vietnamese carriers have announced plans to further increase the frequency of domestic routes starting next month. Saturday morning that Vietnam has gone without recording any Covid-19 infection caused by community transmission. No deaths have been reported so far. The Health Ministry confirmed one new coronavirus patient Saturday morning, raising the number of active cases to 54. The woman flew from Russia to Vietnam and was quarantined on arrival. The Covid-19 pandemic has affected 213 countries and territories, claiming over 308,100 lives.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/vietnam-reports-one-more-imported-case-of-covid-19-4100167.html|&nbspMay 15, 2020 06:56 pm GMT+7|Vietnam reports one more imported case of Covid-19|Vietnam confirmed one new coronavirus case Friday evening, a man who arrived from Dubai on a special flight on May 3. "Patient 313" is a 28-year-old man from Yen Thanh District, the central province of Nghe An, who landed at Can Tho International Airport on Vietnam Airlines flight VN008 under a government repatriation program. He was in seat number 51K. He showed no symptoms when he arrived and seemed to be in normal health, but was quarantined along with everyone else at the Bac Lieu University dormitory in the southern province of Bac Lieu. The new case takes the number of active patients in Vietnam to 53, while 260 others have recovered, including eight on Thursday. Vietnam now has more than 12,000 people in quarantine - 353 at hospitals, more than 8,000 at quarantine facilities and the rest at home. These are people who came from abroad or were in close contact with Covid-19 patients. Friday marks 29 days without community transmission in the country. The pandemic has affected 213 countries and territories, killing more than 303,000 people so far.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/business/industries/transport-firms-protest-higher-road-toll-as-covid-19-relief-4100054.html|&nbspMay 16, 2020 11:29 am GMT+7|Transport firms protest higher road toll as Covid-19 relief|Transport companies say a proposed toll increase as relief for BOT projects will exacerbate their own Covid-19 related woes. They point out that the pandemic has already slashed travel demand and revenues, and an increase in operational costs will worsen the situation. The Transport Ministry recently proposed a plan to support toll booth operators of build-operate-transfer (BOT) projects that have seen As an alternative, the ministry proposed subsidies worth VND5.08 trillion ($218 million) from the state’s coffers. But transport firms are opposed to an increase in toll at this point. Nguyen Van Quyen, chairman of the Vietnam Automobile Transportation Association (VATA), said that tolls account for 10-12 percent of transportation costs, second only to fuel. An increase in toll fees will create more difficulties for businesses, he said, adding that many businesses have been proposing a reduction in toll even before the ministry proposed an increase. Quyen suggested that the ministry lets toll booth operators collect for a longer period instead of raising them. "An increase in tolls should come when the economy and transport activities have returned to normal." Do Van Bang, CEO of Hanoi-based bus company Sao Viet Transport, said that in recent months, the number of customers have dropped 50-70 percent from pre-pandemic times. The average cost of a trip is VND7 million ($300), including fuel, tolls and parking fees, while revenue from recent trips is around VND2-3 million ($86-128) each, meaning the company is suffering losses. "An increase in tolls at this time is inappropriate," he said. Economist Ngo Tri Long said neither of ministry’s proposed plans would work. An increase in tolls would hurt transport firms, while state budget limitations will not allow the provision of VND5.08 trillion ($218 million) in subsidies. Instead, the government should support toll booth collectors by lowering interest rates on loans and deferring debt payment, he said. As of April 22, 58 out of 60 build-operate-transfer projects have failed to meet their revenue forecasts, with 17 making less than half the target, the ministry said. A 3-6 percent toll increase has been scheduled for every three years, meaning an increase of VND2,000 (8.6 U.S. cents) per vehicle. This increase will not be much for personal vehicles, but transport companies will feel the brunt. "There are BOT projects whose tolls have not increased in years, and if this persists it can result in bad debt," said an official of the ministry’s Public-Private Partnership Agency, who asked not to be identified. He added that BOT project investors need 15-20 years to collect enough toll to recoup their investments and banks will not allow delays in repaying their loans.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/24-repatriates-are-vietnam-s-latest-covid-19-patients-4099558.html|&nbspMay 15, 2020 06:41 am GMT+7|24 repatriates are Vietnam's latest Covid-19 patients|Vietnam’s Covid-19 tally jumped to 312 Friday morning after 24 citizens repatriated from Russia were confirmed positive. Friday morning marked 29 days straight that Vietnam has gone without any cases caused by community transmission. Russia is the third worst infected country, after the U.S. and Spain, with more than 252,000 Covid-19 cases and 2,305 deaths. But Vietnam health authorities have confirmed there is no likelihood of community transmission from the latest patients. The 24, one woman and 23 men, aged between 24 and 47, had returned to Vietnam on Vietnam Airlines flight VN0062 from Russia to the northern province of Quang Ninh on Wednesday under a government program to repatriate Vietnamese residents living and working abroad. They had been quarantined on arrival at centralized facilities in the provinces of Quang Ninh, Thai Binh and Hai Duong. Twenty-three of the latest patients are now treated at the Thai Binh General Hospital and the other at Hospital No.2 in Quang Ninh Province. The latest update has brought the number of active patients in Vietnam to 52, while 260 other patients have recovered, including eight confirmed Thursday. Vietnam now has more than 12,000 people placed in quarantine, 353 at hospitals, more than 8,000 in centralized facilities and the rest at home. These are people coming from abroad or those who’ve had close contact with Covid-19 patients. With many special repatriation flights planned, the country will continue its focus on those arriving from abroad. Everyone entering the country will be placed in quarantine for a minimum of 14 days, the period said to be the incubation time for the Covid-19 virus. As of Friday, no Covid-19 death has been reported in the country. The health sector is searching for a matching donor to provide a lung transplant for the most critical Covid-19 case in the country, a 43-year-old British man whose lungs are just 10 percent functional. The pandemic has affected 213 countries and territories, killing more than 303,000 people.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/business/economy/covid-19-hibernation-hurts-vietnamese-businesses-4093942.html|&nbspMay 5, 2020 06:12 pm GMT+7|Covid-19 hibernation hurts Vietnamese businesses|Hue, the director of a media company, has put most of her employees on unpaid leave, with most customers cutting advertising contracts. After vacating a rented office in Ho Chi Minh City's Binh Thanh District, Hue and some of her remaining staff have been working from home, mainly looking for new customers and making post Covid-19 recovery plans. Allowances for petrol, lunch and birthday gifts for employees have to be cut after going three months without any income."If the situation does not improve next month, I will terminate the labor contracts with the remaining employees and suspend the business to limit losses," she said. To, owner of a transport company, has also been struggling because of the ban on interprovincial transport which only came to an end by the end of April. Nearly a month without revenue, the company has had to negotiate with the bus station for rent exemption for ticket kiosks and reduced wages linked to actual performance by drivers. "Without savings and profit from several years ago, we would have had no choice but to close," To said. Suspension plans are on the agenda for tens of thousands of Vietnamese enterprises hit by the Covid-19 crisis. According to statistics from the Business Registration Management Agency, since early 2020, nearly 10,440 Vietnamese enterprises have been withdrawing each month from the market. In 16 of 17 sectors, the number of enterprises ceasing to do business increased over the same period last year. Most of the business suspension happened in real estate, accommodation, catering, tourism and transportation. In 2015-2019 period, the number of enterprises registering to suspend business in the first four months of the year increased by about 20 percent on average year-on-year, but the rise this year was 33.6 percent, a new record, showing the direct impact of Covid-19. "Businesses are tending to wait and ‘hibernate’ to watch and review the progress of the disease before deciding to continue or shut down completely. This is shown by the sharp increase in the number of enterprises in short-term suspension," said a representative of the Business Registration Management Agency. A report by the Vietnam Chamber of Commerce and Industry (VCCI) shows that at the beginning of last month, nearly 85 percent of businesses noticed their consumption markets had narrowed and 60 percent complained about the lack of capital and cash flow. If the situation continued, only about 30 percent of Vietnamese enterprises will maintain operations for three months at the most, and 50 percent for six months, the report says. "There is no saying when the pandemic will end, but it is certain that the consequences and impact on the economy will be lasting and irreparable. Accumulated challenges lie ahead," said Vu Tien Loc, VCCI chairman. He suggested some relief measures including deferment of VAT, corporate income tax, personal income tax, social insurance and trade union fee payments. He also proposed that the government enacts policies to exempt and reduce taxes, social insurance, fees and other charges. The representative of the Business Registration Management Department said the Covid-19 crisis was an opportunity for businesses to reassess their strengths and weaknesses and set new orientations and directions to suit market demands. "Businesses can seize the opportunity to transition from being frozen to rapid growth when the pandemic is under control," he said. The reported noted that despite the "complicated developments of Covid-19 in the first four months of the year, more than 37,000 new businesses were established in the country. During the same period, the number of businesses returning to operation increased 2 percent, while this figure was 52 percent last year.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/vietnam-decides-on-lung-transplant-for-british-covid-19-patient-4098655.html|&nbspMay 13, 2020 06:30 pm GMT+7|Vietnam decides on lung transplant for British Covid-19 patient|The Health Ministry decided Tuesday that a lung transplant was the only way to try and save a critically ill British Covid-19 patient. Dr Nguyen Van Vinh Chau, Director of the Hospital for Tropical Diseases in Ho Chi Minh City, said computed tomography scan results showed that fibrosis has solidified both lungs of the 43-year-old man, leaving just 10 percent functional. He said the patient would die if doctors suspend a life support machine called Extracorporeal membrane oxygenation (ECMO) that he has been on for 38 days. The machine involves pumping blood out of the body and to a heart-lung machine that removes carbon dioxide and sends oxygen-filled blood back. The only way to save the British citizen, a Vietnam Airlines pilot, is to perform a lung transplant, Chau said. The decision was finalized Tuesday afternoon at a meeting between leading medical experts led by the Ministry of Health. The professional council of medical experts has assigned the HCMC Hospital for Tropical Diseases to prepare the patient and sanitize him for the operation. When he is confirmed to be clear of the novel coronavirus that causes Covid-19, he will be transferred to the Cho Ray Hospital in the city to prepare for the transplant. The Ministry of Health has been seeking for a donor in the last few days. The tropical diseases hospital has been covering the patient's treatment cost so far, and it's not been revealed who will pay for the transplant. China has performed similar transplant three Covid-19 patients who have since recovered, China's reported. Vietnam performed . A team of Hanoi and Japanese doctors performed the operation at Hanoi's 103 Military Hospital, saving a boy from lung fibrosis, a disease that causes respiratory failure. The HCMC Hospital for Tropical Diseases said that at present, the British patient’s pulse and blood pressure was stable and he has been on tranquilizers. He was earlier put on ventilator support for 20 days and also received blood filtration, antifungal treatment and pleural wash. Two days ago, he was tested again for Covid-19 and the results came out negative. Last week, the health ministry had said for him, Vietnam’s most severe Covid-19 case. However, experts had subsequently said that the lungs were not damaged to the extent of requiring a transplant. "Patient 91," as he was designated, was confirmed positive on March 18. The patient's condition worsened despite his young age. Doctors said he suffers from a blood clotting disorder and cytokine storm syndrome, an intense immune response where the immune system releases a lot of cytokines through the bloodstream, which works against the body. His body has also been resistant to all types of domestic coagulant drugs and the health ministry has had to purchase drugs overseas for his treatment. The pilot was the first case of a cluster related to the Buddha Bar and Grill in District 2 – which turned out to be HCMC’s biggest Covid-19 hotspot with 19 cases. Vietnam recorded , keeping its tally at 288, including 36 active cases. The country has gone through 27 days without any infection caused by community transmission. Vietnam has not recorded any Covid-19 death to date.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/vietnam-enters-day-26-without-covid-19-community-infection-4097710.html|&nbspMay 12, 2020 06:32 am GMT+7|Vietnam enters day 26 without Covid-19 community infection|With the Health Ministry confirming no new Covid-19 case Tuesday morning, Vietnam began its 26th consecutive day without community transmission of the disease. The nation’s Covid-19 tally has stayed at 288 since last Thursday, and the number of active cases dropped to 39 after eight more patients recovered in Hanoi Monday. Among the active cases, 11 have tested negative at least twice and eight once. "Patient 91," a 43-year-old British man, continues to be the most critical Covid-19 case so far in the country, but experts said Monday that his lungs have not been damaged to the extent of . The health ministry had said at a meeting last week that a lung transplant was being considered for the man who works as a pilot for Vietnam Airlines. Hospitalized since March 20, he was on a ventilator for 16 days and, for 36 days, put on a life support machine called Extracorporeal membrane oxygenation (ECMO), which involves pumping blood out of the body to a heart-lung machine that removes carbon dioxide and sends oxygen-filled blood back. As of Tuesday morning, more than 12,000 returning or coming from abroad, or those who had come into close contact with those arrivals were under quarantine in Vietnam, with 329 in hospitals, over 6,000 at centralized facilities and the rest at home or accommodation facilities. The Covid-19 pandemic has spread to 212 countries and territories thus far, and reported deaths have reached almost 287,000.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/vietnam-begins-day-28-without-covid-19-community-infection-4098865.html|&nbspMay 14, 2020 06:36 am GMT+7|Vietnam begins day 28 without Covid-19 community infection|With no new Covid-19 case confirmed Thursday morning, Vietnam entered its 28th consecutive day without community infection of the virus. For a week now, the nation’s Covid-19 count has remained unchanged at 288, 36 of them still under treatment and the rest recovered. Among the active cases, six have tested negative once and 11 others at least twice. Vietnam decided Tuesday to go ahead with a lung transplant for its most critical patient, a 43-year-old British man whose lungs are now only 10 percent functional. Doctors are looking for a compatible donor. Life has basically returned to normal in Vietnam. All non-essentials services have been allowed to resume operations except for karaoke parlors and discos, students are back in school and traffic jams have returned to major cities. The country still has nearly 14,000 people under quarantine – overseas returnees and those who came into close contact with Covid-19 patients. The pandemic has spread to 212 countries and territories, and reported deaths have crossed 297,000.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/vietnam-clear-of-covid-19-community-infections-for-27-days-4098412.html|&nbspMay 13, 2020 06:38 am GMT+7|Vietnam clear of Covid-19 community infections for 27 days|No new Covid-19 case was confirmed Wednesday morning, marking 27 straight days that Vietnam has gone without community transmission. The nation’s Covid-19 tally has remained at 288 since last Thursday, with the number of active patients down to 36 after three relapsed patients, all Brazilian, were discharged Tuesday. Vietnam has not recorded any Covid-19 death to date. At a Tuesday meeting with the National Steering Committee for Covid-19 Prevention and Control, the World Health Organization (WHO) Representative to Vietnam Kidong Park praised Vietnam’s quick and effective response to the pandemic. He said Vietnam kept itself updated with Covid-19 developments, shared information transparently and applied measures quickly. "I want to spend time analyzing and summarizing what Vietnam has done to prevent and fight the pandemic and share that with the international community," Park said, adding that he felt safe living and working in Vietnam as the Covid-19 pandemic raged round the world. Vietnam has conducted 275,000 Covid-19 tests so far and is now focusing on preventing all sources of transmission from people repatriated from abroad. The Covid-19 pandemic has spread to 212 countries and territories, and reported deaths have topped 292,000.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/business/industries/has-covid-19-subverted-the-traditional-vietnamese-consumer-4098697.html|&nbspMay 14, 2020 09:13 am GMT+7|Has Covid-19 subverted the traditional Vietnamese consumer?|The Covid-19 pandemic has introduced many traditional Vietnamese consumers to the convenience of online shopping and they might not return to old ways. Hanh could not have imagined how drastically long-standing habits can change in just a month. The District 8 resident in Ho Chi Minh City, more than 50 years old, is used to handpicking fish, meat and other things at wet markets or supermarkets, and would not have it any other way. Just a month later, she has left all groceries shopping in the hands of her two sons, who buy everything via apps and websites. "Since my children want to limit my going out, I have to get used to buying goods online via phones ... they handle paying and receiving the goods." Nguyen Ngoc Dung, vice president of Vietnam E-Commerce Association (VECOM), said that the outbreak has introduced to e-commerce a large number of consumers who had earlier not been interested in online shopping and e-payment. "The outbreak forced people who would normally go out to shop at a nearby supermarket to make purchases online. Once they have done it, they feel 'happy' that they do not have to wear a face mask and stay two meters apart when queuing up," Dung said. Milk, instant noodles, soy milk, soda and pork sausages were the top five most searched items of GrabMart, an online supermarket, in April, when the stay-at-home advisory was still in force. GrabMart was launched on March 23 to exploit the online grocery shopping trend. In its second week, the company revealed that orders surged by 91 percent over the previous week, with sales reaching a peak on March 31. Meanwhile, Shopee Vietnam believes that consumers switching to online shopping for all daily needs is one of the four big e-commerce trends in 2020. On this popular platform, the total time Vietnamese customers spent shopping in a week increased by more than 25 percent in the wake of the pandemic as people looked to satisfy their daily life, work, home and entertainment needs. The most popular products included makeup remover, smartphones, milk, diapers, pots and pans. Tran Tuan Anh, managing director of Shopee Vietnam, said: "2020 has changed the way of living, working and shopping online." Malaysian market research firm iPrice said that data compiled in the first three months of this year on Vietnam's e-commerce market showed that staple goods, including groceries, which are normally not key products, had become very popular. In March alone, the number of online visits to Mobile World's grocery chain Bach Hoa Xanh increased by 49 percent compared to the fourth quarter of last year. Truong Van Quy, CEO of marketing academy EQVN, said: "During the social distancing period, consumers have picked up online shopping as a new habit, which took businesses a long time to orient. These habits can be retained even after the epidemic." With physical shopping, households typically spent money on family and on entertainment during weekends. However, as people, get used to online shopping, this is changing. Shopee said that in recent months, online shopping activities on the platform have peaked on Wednesdays and Fridays, showing Vietnamese consumers have the habit of completing shopping on the last few days before the weekend. The company also found that new online shopping took place mostly place at 12 p.m. and 9 p.m., which meant users were taking advantage of their lunch break or choosing to shop before going to bed. The ride-hailing service, Grab, said that its users were tending to place orders with GrabMart more during midweek and weekends. Specifically, the Grab system regularly recorded a spike in orders at 3 p.m. on Tuesday, and at 10 a.m. and 15 p.m. on Saturday. "These time frames may signify consumers stocking up food or preparing a weekend meal for the family and stocking up food for the next week," the company said. Shopee also confirmed their customers were using cashless payments in recent months. According to data from Vietnam’s MOCA Technology and Service Company, the number of first-time users using non-cash payments for Grab in March increased by 22.5 percent compared to the previous month. During the pandemic, the percentage of cashless transactions on the entire Grab platform accounted for 43 percent, 70 percent of which were for GrabMart. Dung of VECOM said that during the pandemic period, businesses that had not introduced e-commerce early were left behind, while those who had prepared for it but had not launched the service were able to take advantage of the opportunity created by the Covid-19 crisis. Nguyen Minh Duc, CEO of business consulting firm IM Group, cited date from Google showing the number of online shopping searches in Vietnam increased by 40 percent last month. "It is an opportunity but also a challenge," Duc said. It was a view shared by Vu Thi Nhuy Linh, deputy general director of e-commerce site Tiki. She said that while businesses can take advantage of online channels to reach more customers, the lack of infrastructure and knowhow were stiff challenges for many small and medium enterprises. A recent survey conducted by Tiki found small and medium enterprises were afraid of expanding distribution channels on e-commerce sites, based on three "fears" – the fear of not selling, fear of not being able to manage and fear of losing money. Dung said that 70 percent of the e-commerce in Vietnam was happening in Hanoi and Ho Chi Minh City and 30 percent in other localities. Therefore, VECOM was working with Tiki and the IM Group to implement a project to support 500,000 enterprises to go digital and develop e-commerce sustainably, he said. "We will strive together to balance the proportion so e-commerce in Hanoi and Ho Chi Minh cities will account for 50 percent and the remaining provinces and towns will account for the remaining by 2025," Dung said. Vietnam’s e-commerce market is projected to grow to VND399.5 trillion ($17.3 billion) in 2023 from VND218.3 trillion ($9.4 billion) last year, according to U.K. consulting firm GlobalData.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/covid-19-patient-returns-from-the-dead-in-hanoi-4098289.html|&nbspMay 12, 2020 08:52 pm GMT+7|Covid-19 patient returns from the dead in Hanoi|Hang knew she had nothing to fear from the coronavirus, although she’d heard that it had killed people overseas. She was deadly wrong. Supported by two nurses, Le Tuyet Hang, 64, slowly got out of the bed and stepped carefully and slowly across the hospital floor. They were her first steps in two months – after she was admitted to Hanoi’s National Hospital of Tropical Diseases as a Covid-19 patient on March 7. Even when she was diagnosed with virus, Hang wasn’t unduly worried. She expected to be discharged after a few days. Instead, Hang, Vietnam's 20th coronavirus patient, has undergone the longest treatment of all 288 patients recorded so far in the country, and is still one of its most critical cases. In the beginning, Hang felt just fine. She remembered eating a bow of vermicelli for breakfast on March 14 and telling her son that the meals the hospital cooked were great, and that eating well would help her recover from the disease faster. She was wrong, again. A week later, while she was simply watching TV, she fell into a coma. "I don’t even remember when exactly I passed out. One day when I woke up, I was on oxygen and lying in a room full of equipment," Hang said. She could tell that there was no strength left in her as she tried to muster even the smallest of movements. She felt scared. She had no idea why she’d become so weak when she’d felt so healthy before, or why the disease had progressed so quickly. By her bed, her two sons were constantly asking if she was alright and if she recognized them. "I never knew that I was in a critical condition. Doctors told me they tried to resuscitate me dozens of times, but it didn’t work. I finally breathed again at the 47th time. They were good doctors," she said. Hang was suffering from severe respiratory failure when she was put into the intensive care unit (ICU), said doctor Mac Duy Hung. She could have lost her life at any moment, so doctors and nurses had to stay on duty and do whatever they can to keep her alive, he added. Her heart suddenly stopped one night on April 7, forcing doctors to defibrillate her and perform other emergency procedures continuously for 40 minutes. "Luckily they worked. We thought we would not be able to save her, that she would die then," said Hung. Hang was infected by her 26-year-old niece, Nguyen Hong Nhung, who was confirmed infected with Covid-19 on March 6, four days after she returned to Hanoi from London. Nhung’s case ended Vietnam’s 22-day streak of no new Covid-19 infection at the time. "I do not blame my niece for what happened," said Hang. Nhung, Hanoi’s first and Vietnam’s 17th Covid-19 patient, did not report her medical status upon arrival in Vietnam, despite having traveled to the U.K., Italy and France before. She is believed to have infected her family’s housemaid and chauffeur as well. Hang said her niece was young and did not know better. She wanted people to stop criticizing Nhung, she said. Right now, all Hang wants is to be discharged and return to her family in Saigon’s District 9. She had left them late January and gone to visit Hanoi. Her brothers, sisters, husband and sons are all waiting for her return, she said. "I’m still too weak now, so I have to try and get better." She remained positive despite her unexpected close encounter with death: "Thanks to everyone’s efforts, I am still alive and get to continue my unfinished business."
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/business/economy/enterprises-seek-more-than-financial-aid-for-covid-19-recovery-4099533.html||Enterprises seek more than financial aid for Covid-19 recovery|Vietnamese enterprises are asking for both financial support and administrative reforms to aid their recovery from the Covid-19 crisis, the government says.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/hcmc-discharges-three-brazilian-relapsed-covid-19-patients-4098249.html|&nbspMay 12, 2020 08:35 pm GMT+7|HCMC discharges three Brazilian relapsed Covid-19 patients|A HCMC hospital discharged three Brazilian Covid-19 patients Tuesday – all relapsed cases, bringing Vietnam’s active cases down to 36.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/how-vietnam-treats-critical-covid-19-patients-4090299.html|&nbspApril 26, 2020 08:11 pm GMT+7|How Vietnam treats critical Covid-19 patients|Vietnamese doctors treat Covid-19 by using oxygen therapy, ventilators, antibiotics and antiviral drugs depending on the severity of the case. Dr Pham Van Phuc, who works at the National Hospital for Tropical Diseases' intensive care unit in Hanoi, said his department has received five critically ill Covid-19 patients who need ventilators. The patients arrived at the hospital with respiratory distress and require high levels of oxygen intake through ventilators. Then emergency room (ER) doctors treat patients with a combination of antiviral drugs. Depending on the respiratory condition of a patient, doctors use various treatment protocols. Mild cases are treated for the symptoms and provided nutrients for health improvement. Severe cases could require oxygen therapy with oxygen masks and cannulas. If this does not work, doctors pump up the oxygen levels and resort to non-invasive mechanical ventilation. If the patient does not respond, they are transferred to the intensive care unit where doctors intubate them and put them on a ventilator. Using extracorporeal membrane oxygenation (ECMO), which involves pumping blood out of the body and to a heart-lung machine that removes carbon dioxide and sends oxygen-filled blood back, is the last option. "There are patients who need a breathing tube and intubation right at the emergency department," Dr Phuc said. "There are also those who need it when they arrive at the intensive care unit." Endotracheal intubation is a high-risk technique that poses a risk of infections to doctors since they are exposed to aerosol dust generated by the procedure. There is less risk in using ECMO, but it is a high-tech method that requires a team of specialized doctors. On top of antiviral drugs, doctors also have to perform resuscitation and use various drugs to maintain body functions. Covid-19 patients in critical condition often experience bacterial infections, and so antibiotics are often added. Dr Phuc said the selection of antiviral drugs is a complicated issue and there is no consistency when it comes to antiviral drug protocols for critically ill patients. So doctors have had to refer to many studies, especially those done by doctors in China where the pandemic first broke out and others published in globally reputed medical journals. For instance, initially, based on the Chinese regimen and Vietnamese research, Covid-19 treatment involved a drug used to treat HIV. All medicines have varying degrees of efficacy but also side effects. The HIV drug for instance causes nausea, diarrhea and fatigue among other things. If the side effects become serious, the medication has to be stopped immediately. Patients in intensive care are mostly older people or have underlying conditions, and so all their organs must be screened and the conditions treated. The professional committee at the hospital has to work on every detail for each individual to come up with an appropriate treatment protocol. Patient 20, a 64-year-old Hanoi woman, is a severe case. She had pneumonia and her health was failing when she was first admitted to the hospital. She responded very slowly to treatment and her lung lesions worsened, and she was put on a ventilator but did not improve. So doctors decided to put her on ECMO. A British patient, 74, who was discharged from the National Hospital for Tropical Diseases on April 14, has blood cancer. The hospital spoke with his doctor in England to find out about his condition and if he was on medication. "In addition to antibiotics and antiviral drugs for Covid-19 treatment, we combine a variety of other drugs to treat underlying medical conditions besides adjuvants, anticoagulants, etc.," Phuc said. "We have to select suitable drugs while also minimizing side effects and mitigating harmful interactions between the various drugs." Dr Phuc said one of the problems facing Covid-19 patients is blood coagulation disorders which clog veins and lead to multi-organ damage. "Almost all organs like the heart, lungs, kidneys, liver, brain are affected, and screening is complicated." "The greatest difficulty in treating critical patients is that currently there is no specific protocol anywhere in the world. So patients in serious condition could die without appropriate treatment," he added. Currently the intensive care unit at the hospital has two critically ill Covid-19 patients. Of Vietnam’s 270 cases so far, 230 people have recovered and no deaths recorded. The country has gone two days without a new case as of Sunday evening. No new cases of community transmission have been recorded over the past 10 days, according to the Health Ministry.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/63-day-struggle-to-save-british-covid-19-patient-s-life-the-timeline-4102471.html|&nbspMay 21, 2020 10:36 am GMT+7|63-day struggle to save British Covid-19 patient's life: the timeline|Doctors and nurses at the HCMC Hospital for Tropical Diseases battled for two months to treat a British pilot with Covid-19 and failing lungs.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/vietnam-goes-25-days-without-covid-19-community-infection-4097269.html|&nbspMay 11, 2020 06:26 am GMT+7|Vietnam goes 25 days without Covid-19 community infection|The Health Ministry confirmed no new Covid-19 case Monday morning, marking day 25 without any infection caused by community transmission. The nation’s Covid-19 tally has stood at 288 since last Thursday. Of these, 241 have recovered and 47 are active patients. Among those still under treatment, 14 have tested negative at least twice and six once. Doctors are considering a lung transplant for one critical case, a 43-year-old British man who has been under treatment for more than 50 days now. He had other underlying conditions and his lungs have been badly affected. The nation has eased its social distancing restrictions and allowed a series of non-essential businesses and services to resume operations, excluding karaoke parlors and discos. All students are back in schools. More than 25,000 people returning or coming from abroad, or those who came into contact with the arrivals, are currently in quarantine, either at hospitals, centralized facilities, at home or accommodation facilities. The Covid-19 pandemic has spread to 212 countries and territories, and reported deaths have crossed 283,600.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/business/economy/vietnam-ships-five-million-medical-supplies-to-covid-19-struck-new-york-4102861.html|&nbspMay 21, 2020 05:30 pm GMT+7|Vietnam ships five million medical supplies to Covid -19 struck New York|Five million protective medical supplies were flown from Vietnam to New York to aid the virus-hit city’s pandemic struggle. Huynh Quoc Dinh, director of Super Cargo Service, a Ho Chi Minh City-based logistics company responsible for transporting the order from Vietnam to New York said Wednesday the medical equipment included protective suits, masks and gloves made by a Vietnamese factory to assist the U.S. Covid-19 fight. Dinh said in order to meet the shipping deadline in just one week, the company cooperated with Africa's Ethiopian Airlines, Hong Kong's Cathay Pacific, Taiwan-based Eva Airlines and Philippines Airlines based in the Philippines, to transport the shipment. The last aircraft to transport the shipments landed at John F. Kennedy International Airport, New York on Wednesday. New York is the largest Covid-19 hotspot in the U.S. with 352,000 infections and over 22,000 reported deaths. Since April 17, New Yorkers are required to cover their faces in public while Mayor Bill de Blasio earlier this month announced the city would distribute 5 million three-ply surgical-style face coverings and another 2.5 million nonmedical cloth masks at school grab and go meal sites, grocery stores and other locations. In early May Bill de Blasio said New York had ordered medical products from a Vietnamese factory to produce a large number of protective suits, reported. Last month, U.S. President Donald Trump expressed his gratitude to Vietnam for sending 450,000 protective suits to help frontline healthcare professionals fight the Covid-19 pandemic. The United States, now the worst hit nation with more than 1.5 million infections and over 93,000 deaths, is among various countries to have received support from Vietnam in the ongoing global health crisis.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/vietnam-considers-lung-transplant-for-british-covid-19-patient-4096305.html|&nbspMay 8, 2020 01:50 pm GMT+7|Vietnam considers lung transplant for British Covid-19 patient|The Health Ministry is considering a lung transplant for a 43-year-old British Covid-19 patient who has been critically ill for some time. "Patient 91," a Vietnam Airlines pilot, has been hospitalized at HCMC Hospital for Tropical Diseases since March 20. "We are considering the option of performing a lung transplant for the patient," Professor Nguyen Van Kinh, Chairman of the Professional Council under the Ministry of Health, said at a Thursday meeting with international organizations on a new Covid-19 treatment and testing strategy. Kinh said the British patient was still in critical condition. Both of his lungs are condensed, his liver enzymes and infections have increased. He is currently being treated with antibiotics and dialysis. The pilot has been put on a life support machine called Extracorporeal membrane oxygenation (ECMO), which involves pumping blood out of the body and to a heart-lung machine that removes carbon dioxide and sends oxygen-filled blood back, for 32 days. Samples taken from his pancreas came out positive for the coronavirus on Wednesday, while samples taken from his blood and bronchial lavage showed negative results. The patient had tested negative five times earlier. The patient, who weighs 100 kg and 1.83 meters tall, is obese with a body mass index (BMI) of 30.1. He suffers from a blood clotting disorder and cytokine storm syndrome, an intense immune response where the immune system releases a lot of cytokines through the bloodstream which works against the body. The patient’s body has been resistant to all types of domestic coagulant drugs and the health ministry has had to purchase drugs overseas for his treatment. Two other Covid-19 patients in critical condition have shown progress. "Patient 20" no longer needs the support of ECMO or as much support of a ventilator as before. She can talk and eat and drink normally. She is currently going through rehabilitation and a nutrition boost regiment. The 64-year-old Vietnamese woman is the aunt of 26-year-old Nguyen Hong Nhung, Hanoi's first Covid-19 patient who landed March 2 in Hanoi from London. She was confirmed infected on March 7, one day after her niece who has recovered and been discharged. has recovered from the disease and returned to Hanoi’s Bach Mai hospital to resume physical therapy for her stroke, which she got before contracting the coronavirus. The 88-year-old woman, Vietnam’s oldest Covid-19 patient, is from Van Lam District in the northern province of Hung Yen. She suffered a stroke on March 17 and was paralyzed in the left side of the body. She was rushed to the local Pho Noi Hospital where she was diagnosed with a brain hemorrhage. She was then taken to Bach Mai Hospital, where she stayed in the same room with a Covid-19 patient from March 17 to 22. She later tested positive for Covid-19 at the hospital which had become the country’s biggest Covid-19 hotspot. Vietnam has recorded no Covid-19 deaths to date. The country has gone through 22 days without community transmission of the disease. Its Covid-19 count went up to 288 Thursday evening after 17 Vietnamese repatriated from the UAE tested positive. The latest patients were among last Sunday. They landed at the Can Tho Airport in the Mekong Delta and were quarantined in nearby Bac Lieu Province.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/vietnam-to-transfer-covid-19-test-kit-technology-to-cuba-4096189.html|&nbspMay 8, 2020 11:45 am GMT+7|Vietnam to transfer Covid-19 test kit technology to Cuba|Technology to make a Covid-19 test kit developed by the Vietnam Military Medical University will be transferred to Cuba, according to the defense ministry. Deputy Minister of Defense Tran Don said on Thursday Cuba would in turn provide technology to produce antiviral drug interferon alfa-2b to Vietnam’s Army Medical Department in cooperation with the military university. Speaking at a meeting with his ministry’s Steering Committee for the Prevention and Control of Covid-19, he said a group of Cuban experts would come to assist Vietnam in fighting the pandemic. "The General Logistics Department needs to instruct the university to complete procedures to export the test kits to Cuba." The military’s medical units would continue to cooperate with Russia and the EU to study the disease and its treatment regime, vaccines and drugs, and help neighboring countries like Laos and Cambodia combat the disease, he added. Last month the test kits developed by the military medical university collaboration with Viet A Technologies Joint Stock Company were (EUL) procedure of the World Health Organization. The EUL procedure was established to expedite availability of diagnostics needed during public health emergencies, and it helps procurement agencies and countries navigate the large presence of different devices on the market and access quality products. The test kits, which utilize molecular biological technologies, have been mass-produced in Vietnam since March. They have been approved for sale in Europe. Vietnam has had 288 Covid-19 cases, with the latest patients, diagnosed on Thursday evening, being 17 Vietnamese arriving from the UAE. There has been no community transmission in the last 22 days. The number of active cases is 55.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/vietnam-reports-another-three-covid-19-relapses-4090813.html|&nbspApril 27, 2020 03:35 pm GMT+7|Vietnam reports another three Covid-19 relapses|Three Covid-19 patients, two Brazilians and a Vietnamese man, have tested positive again after being discharged, raising the country’s relapse cases to nine. One of the relapse cases, "Patient 74," is a 23-year old Vietnamese man from the northern province of Phu Tho. He was confirmed positive for Covid-19 March 18 and discharged from the Bac Ninh General Hospital April 10 after treatment. He returned home in Phu Tho and isolated himself at home for another 14 days. During this period, he showed no symptoms of fever, cough or breathing difficulty. On April 25, he had his samples taken for testing the last time before completing the 14-day home quarantine. However, the result came back positive and he was transferred to the National Hospital of Tropical Diseases in Hanoi. Three family members in his home have tested negative, but been placed under quarantine. His home and neighborhood have been disinfected. The other patients are "Patient 207" and "Patient 224", both Brazilian nationals linked to HCMC's largest Covid-19 hotspot, the Buddha Bar & Grill in District 2's Thao Dien Ward, home to a major expat community. "Patient 207" is a 49-year-old Brazilian man who was confirmed positive March 31 and released from Cu Chi field hospital in HCMC April 18, while "Patient 224" is a 39-year-old Brazilian man confirmed infected April 2 and discharged from the hospital April 20. On Sunday, both were taken back to the Cu Chi hospital for treatment after their samples tested positive for the novel coronavirus. "Patient 151," a 45-year-old Brazilian woman and wife of "Patient 207", has also been transferred to the hospital for medical supervision due to being in close contact with him. She had been discharged on April 18. Earlier, the nation had recorded six Covid-19 relapses. Two of them are "Patient 36," a 64-year-old woman in the south central province of Binh Thuan who was discharged April 10 and confirmed positive Friday on the verge of finishing her post-discharge quarantine; and "Patient 137," a 34-year-old man in the north central province of Nghe An, who was released from Hanoi April 7, quarantined for another 14 days, but confirmed positive again Thursday, a day after he returned to his hometown. The three other relapse cases are: "Patient 188," a 44-year-old woman in Hanoi who tested positive for the novel coronavirus on April 18, two days after her discharge; "Patient 52," a 24-year-old Vietnamese woman returning from London; and "Patient 149," a 40-year-old Vietnamese man returning from Germany, who were both discharged April 16 and tested positive again five days later under quarantine at a hospital in Quang Ninh Province in northern Vietnam. "Patient 22," a British man whose samples tested positive as he left Vietnam, has tested negative again in his home country. With the latest three relapses, the number of Covid-19 active patients in Vietnam rose to 48 of 270 infections recorded so far. The National Institute of Hygiene and Epidemiology and the Pasteur Institute in Ho Chi Minh City are cultivating viruses from relapse patients to further study the cause of the phenomenon. Covid-19 relapses are not uncommon with South Korea reporting more than 200. The phenomenon was also reported on many cured patients in China. Some health officials are assuming the phenomenon could result from the difference in viral load at different times or the difference in procedures and test devices. However, leading experts and doctors are of the view that Covid-19 is a new disease about which many things have to be studied further. The Covid-19 pandemic has spread to 210 countries and territories, with more than 207,000 deaths reported so far.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/vietnam-confirms-no-new-covid-19-patient-saturday-morning-4096549.html|&nbspMay 9, 2020 06:39 am GMT+7|Vietnam confirms no new Covid-19 patient Saturday morning|The Health Ministry confirmed no new Covid-19 case Saturday moring, marking Vietnam going 23 days free of community transmissions. The nation’s Covid-19 tally has been kept at 288 since Thursday evening. Of these, 241 have recovered, including eight announced Friday, and there are 47 active patients left. The latest infections are 17 Vietnamese citizens repatriated from the UAE. Deputy Health Minister Nguyen Thanh Long said Friday that it is possible more infections will be recorded among those coming or returning from abroad. However, this should not be a major public concern because everyone entering Vietnam will be quarantined and tested for the Covid-19 virus, he added. On Friday evening, a flight landed at the Van Don airport in the northern province of Quang Ninh, repatriating 340 Vietnamese citizens from the U.S. Vietnam has been operating flights to bring back Vietnamese citizens who want to return home to avoid confronting the pandemic abroad. The number of people under quarantine in the country has dropped to 14,000 - 175 in hospitals, more than 6,000 in isolation camps and the rest at home. The pandemic has spread to 212 countries and territories, and reported deaths have reached almost 276,000.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/life/trend/from-hero-to-zero-unemployed-urbanites-lose-out-to-covid-19-4099885.html|&nbspMay 20, 2020 09:17 am GMT+7|From hero to zero: Unemployed urbanites lose out to Covid-19|Having suddenly lost their jobs, many city dwellers are in free fall, grabbing at any possible opportunity amid uncertainty and stress. Tran Thanh Thao, 44, moved out of her apartment in Saigon's District 11 last month after failing to cover rent for her four-member family. Since the beginning of this week, she has kept a constant eye out for her unemployment insurance. Employed as a chef at a five-star hotel in District 1 for over 13 years, at a salary of VND15 million ($643) per month, this is the first time in her life Thao has no job. "My life is simple, but I have two kids to feed. I applied for unemployment benefits," she said. Thao is among millions of workers that have lost their jobs to the coronavirus crisis, posing an ordeal many had never before experienced. According to the General Statistics Office (GSO), the Covid-19 pandemic as of mid-April, bringing Q1 employment figures to a 10-year low. Until mid-April, processing and manufacturing industries were most heavily impacted, with 1.2 million jobs affected, followed by wholesale and retail, 1.1 million, plus accommodation and catering services, 740,000, GSO stated. Security guards, hairdressers, waiters, salespersons, and bartenders are all suddenly jobless. For how long, no one can be sure. Now, many find themselves with a lot of time, but no income and an abundance of pressure. "I have never been unemployed in my whole life, and I cannot believe I have no job at the age of 47," said Pham Hoang Van, a hotelier in Ho Chi Minh City. The first thing he did after learning he would be fired was check his bank account, only telling his wife one week later. "The reality struck me slowly, I was an efficient worker and felt I was betrayed and had lost it all. But I had to adapt and move on," said the breadwinner and father of two who used to earn up to VND30 million ($1,268) a month. "I went from hero to zero." Many young city residents, without safety nets, have experienced extreme stress brought on by unemployment. "I spent several days rolling with the punches, asking all my friends about jobs because I have no insurance," said Nguyen Hoang Tu, waiter at a bar in Hanoi's Hoan Kiem District. Tu plans to return to his hometown in northern Yen Bai Province in May, "If good news does not come my way." "Ashamed and useless, I have not told my family." A lucky few have had the privilege to resort to unemployment insurance. Van, losing his job after a mass layoff in March, decided to apply for the insurance later that month, "having no hope in finding a new job amid present circumstances." "I felt bad and resisted thinking about getting a new job soon. For the first time in my life, I visited the city's employment center, where I had to wait five hours alongside hundreds of others," he said. According to HCMC Employment Center, 34,000 workers applied for unemployment insurance in Q1, a 6.9 percent year-on-year increase. Most are blue collar employees (50 percent), office workers (6.68 percent), and accountants (6.63 percent). Nguyen Kieu Trinh, 35, lost her job at a visa service firm in Saigon's District 7 after business dried up. Applying for insurance in April, she hopes to access around VND8 million ($343) monthly. "They told me to apply for a new bank account, but the money is still nowhere in sight," she lamented. The unexpected situation has left Trinh and many others buckling under the financial burden of keeping up with bills and hunting future opportunities. "Job loss hit me hard," said Nguyen Thuy Vy, 27, real estate agent in Saigon's District 11, with VND20 million ($858) in her savings account she confirms won’t last long. "I have to decide what bills to pay or postpone until I find a new job," she said, adding she has applied for over 20 jobs, "without response." Vy and many others have learned to by canceling subscriptions, cutting spending on food to keep anxiety at bay. Up to 10.3 million workers could be impacted by the Covid-19 pandemic, in the second quarter, International Labour Organization (ILO) reported. According to GSO, the pandemic will pose a significant challenge for enterprises and workers, with more to face unemployment. "The virus did not kill us, but hit our lives and wallets. No matter how anxious or poor I am, I want to be a good mother for my son and daughter," Thao said, now residing in a cheaper apartment from where she sells home-cooked dishes.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/hcmc-covid-19-hospital-releases-last-patient-4088817.html|&nbspApril 23, 2020 02:00 pm GMT+7|HCMC Covid-19 hospital releases last patient|A HCMC field hospital discharged its last Covid-19 patient Thursday, leaving the city with just one active case. The discharge of "Patient 206" from Cu Chi field hospital in the namesake district means there is only one active patient left in HCMC and 44 nationwide. "Patient 206" is 48. He lives in District 2 and works as a chauffeur for patients 124 and 151, often driving them to multiple company branches in Dong Nai Province's Vinh Cuu District and HCMC’s District 12. "Patient 124," a Brazilian man, was found to be infected after attending a party at the Buddha Bar & Grill on March 14. Located in District 2's Thao Dien Ward, home to a large expat community, the bar became the city’s largest Covid-19 hotspot, resulting in 19 cases in total. "Patient 151," a Brazilian woman, had later contracted the new coronavirus from him. Like other discharged patients, "Patient 206" will be monitored at home for another 14 days. Nguyen Thanh Dung, director of the field hospital, said "the hospital has no patient left, but it will remain in operation, with staff ready for any new patient to come." After it started operations February 10, the hospital quarantined 560 Covid-19 suspects. Of these, 34 tested positive and were treated at the hospital. Of 54 Covid-19 patients confirmed by the city, the only one left in hospital is "Patient 91," a British man who has been identified as the source of transmission at the Buddha bar. He is undergoing treatment at the city’s Hospital of Tropical Diseases. Since April 5, the city has not recorded any new Covid-19 patients while Vietnam has been clear for new cases for one week. The nation’s infection count has remained unchanged at 268 since last Thursday, and 224 have been discharged from hospitals.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/life/trend/samaritans-provide-shelter-to-covid-19-vulnerable-4088292.html|&nbspApril 23, 2020 04:00 pm GMT+7|Samaritans provide shelter to Covid-19 vulnerable|The recently unemployed and homeless have been given a helping hand as Covid-19 affects livelihoods.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/vietnam-reports-third-covid-19-relapse-4089738.html|&nbspApril 24, 2020 05:00 pm GMT+7|Vietnam reports third Covid-19 relapse|Fifteen days after being discharged from a Hanoi hospital, "Patient 137" tested positive for Covid-19, becoming the third relapse patient in Vietnam. "Patient 137" is a 36-year-old man from the central province of Nghe An who visited Germany and returned to Hanoi March 15. He was confirmed positive for the novel coronavirus on March 25 and treated at the National Hospital of Tropical Diseases in Hanoi. The man was discharged on April 7 after treatment, following which he continued to be quarantined for another 14 days. He left the hospital on April 22 after testing negative for six times. Before leaving the hospital, he had his samples taken for the seventh time. A day later, the test result was confirmed positive by the Central Institute of Hygiene and Epidemiology, but by then he had returned to his home in Nghe An, around 330 km south of Hanoi. On Thursday night, he was taken back to the National Hospital of Tropical Diseases and had his samples tested gain. The result has not yet been announced. Duong Dinh Chinh, Director of the Nghe An’s Health Department, said local authorities had disinfected the patient’s home and neighborhood after receiving information from the hospital that he had tested Covid-19 positive again. Authorities said that after leaving the hospital, he took a taxi home and along the way he stopped in Ninh Binh Province to change money. He went into a restaurant in Tinh Gia District, Thanh Hoa Province. Before returning to his house in Yen Thanh District on the night of April 22, he informed his relatives to prepare some necessities for him and leave the key at the gate so that he could let himself in. All his relatives left home before he arrived. "The patient said he had been home for one day and had not been in contact with anyone yet. However, his wife, children and uncle have been asked to isolate themselves at home. Health officials are continuing to verify the epidemiology of the patient carefully," said Chinh. Earlier, "Patient 188," a 44-year-old woman from the capital city’s Chuong My District, had tested positive for the Covid-19 virus on April 18, two days after her discharge. However, she tested negative again and is still under treatment and observation in Hanoi. The other relapse case is "Patient 22," a 66-year-old British man who flew from the U.K. to Vietnam on March 2. He was confirmed Covid-19 positive on March 8 and treated at the Da Nang Hospital in the central city. He was discharged March 23 after testing negative three times. After finishing a post discharge two-week quarantine at a local hotel, he flew from Da Nang to Saigon for a flight back to the U.K. on April 10. Another sample was taken when he left, and it tested positive for the novel coronavirus the next day. He had already left Vietnam by then, but has since tested negative again, U.K. authorities said. Cases of Covid-19 patients testing positive again after recovery are not uncommon. South Korea has reported relapses in more than 200 people. Vietnam has recorded no new Covid-19 infection in the last eight days. It has discharged 225 patients in a total of 268 infections. The Covid-19 pandemic has spread to 210 countries and territories, with more than 191,000 deaths reported so far.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/vietnam-records-no-new-covid-19-case-friday-morning-4096010.html|&nbspMay 8, 2020 06:38 am GMT+7|Vietnam records no new Covid-19 case Friday morning|The Health Ministry confirmed no new Covid-19 infections Friday morning, keeping the nation's infection tally at 288. This marks day 22 that Vietnam has gone without community transmission of the disease. Vietnam’s Covid-19 count went up to 288 Thursday evening after 17 Vietnamese from the UAE tested positive. The latest patients are among on Vietnam Airlines flight VN0088 last Sunday. The flight landed at the Can Tho Airport in the Mekong Delta and all passengers were quarantined at a university dorm in nearby Bac Lieu Province. The new patients are being treated at the Bac Lieu General Hospital, raising Vietnam's active cases to 55, 14 of whom have tested negative once and seven twice. Officials have said that although the condition inside Vietnam is stable, authorities need to tighten control on all arrivals from abroad. In April and early May, Vietnam has repatriated 1,700 citizens from Canada, Japan, France, Thailand and the UAE. Another 300 Vietnamese are expected to return from Canada, Malaysia and the U.S. by Monday. Vietnam has more than 16,500 people in quarantine, those that have returned from abroad and those who have come in contact with the returnees. Of these, 162 are quarantined at hospitals, 6,600 are staying at centralized camps and the rest at home or other accommodation facilities. The Covid-19 pandemic has affected 212 countries and territories, and its reported death toll has risen above 270,300.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/healthy-mice-mark-initial-success-for-vietnamese-covid-19-vaccine-4095660.html|&nbspMay 7, 2020 08:00 pm GMT+7|Healthy mice mark 'initial success' for Vietnamese Covid-19 vaccine|50 mice in the lab remain healthy 10 days after being administered a Covid-19 vaccine produced in Vietnam. The latest vaccine has been developed by collaborating scientists at the Company for Vaccine and Biological Production No.1 (VABIOTECH) and the U.K.’s Bristol University. Dr. Do Tuan Dat, President of VABIOTECH in Hanoi, said: "This is initial success in developing a Covid-19 vaccine in Vietnam." Dat said that during the testing phase, researchers experimented by injecting the mice in many ways and administering multiple antigen doses, with some mice injected with one or two doses of 3-10 micrograms each. After 10 days, the mice are in good health and being closely monitored for immune responses, he said. Over the next four or five days, researchers will send the mice’s blood samples to the National Institute of Hygiene and Epidemiology for first evaluation and the second in the next 14 days. This is an important stage of research on the Covid-19 vaccine in Vietnam. If the test is successful on mice, the research team will take their work further and seek funding from international agencies. According to Dat, the main ingredient in the vaccine is a strain carrying Covid-19 antigens that scientists successfully generated in the lab and tested on other animals with good results. "So it is reasonable to expect the vaccine given to mice is also safe," he said. After gaining positive results with immune response and antibody production, researchers will continue to develop complete vaccines and production technologies on many different scales, he added. The institute estimates it will take at least 12-18 months to develop a Covid-19 vaccine that can work safely on humans. A vaccine is generally considered the most effective way to fight a viral disease. There are currently no approved vaccines or medication for the Covid-19, which has killed more than 265,600 people worldwide and infected more than 3.8 million. Around 150 Covid-19 vaccine development projects are being conducted worldwide. In the past, Vietnamese scientists also studied and developed a number of effective vaccines, including the polio vaccine, the oral cholera vaccine, and the H5N1 bird flu vaccine. Vietnam recorded 17 new Covid-19 patients on Thursday evening, all Vietnamese repatriated from the UAE. The additions raised Vietnam's infection tally to 288. Of these, 233 have recovered and been discharged and 55 are still under treatment.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/travel/places/visit-vietnam-after-covid-19-crisis-exhorts-us-travel-magazine-4096125.html|&nbspMay 8, 2020 11:36 am GMT+7|Visit Vietnam after Covid-19 crisis, exhorts US travel magazine|“Gorgeous” beaches and “insanely good food” make Vietnam a great post Covid-19 destination, says New York-based travel magazine Travel + Leisure. Vietnam and the Philippines are the only two Southeast Asian representatives in the magazine’s list of 17 must-to-go destinations in the world after the Covid-19 crisis ends. With Vietnam continuing to suspend international flights and halting entry for all foreigners as a measure to contain the spread of the novel coronavirus, the leading U.S. travel site urges its readers to make travel plans to visit the country soon after the pandemic passes. "Lying side by side with your friends on a gorgeous tropical beach and going to packed street food stalls and hole-in-the-wall restaurants, eating insanely good food elbow to elbow with strangers are not bad ideas," it says Wednesday. The list also included many famous tourist destinations around the world such as Rome, Australia, London in the U.K., Paris in France, Mexico and Italy. Vietnam has eased its social distancing restrictions since April 23 and its popular . The government has also allowed "non-essential" services to resume operation. A survey released this week by Thailand-headquartered hospitality consulting group C9 Hotelworks and communication firm Delivering Asia Communications says many Chinese citizens keen on after the Covid-19 pandemic is contained. The country’s infection tally rose to 288 after were confirmed positive on Thursday night. The country has ended 22 days without community transmission of the disease.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/vietnam-resumes-covid-19-drug-exports-as-epidemic-under-control-4095574.html|&nbspMay 7, 2020 02:00 pm GMT+7|Vietnam resumes Covid-19 drug exports as epidemic under control|With the Covid-19 epidemic controlled to a great extent, Vietnam has lifted a ban on the export of medicines used to treat it. The Drug Administration of Vietnam has written to drug producers and distributors saying they can resume exports of 37 medicines after a month-long ban. On April 10 the government had directed the Ministry of Health to halt exports of drugs like immunoglobulin 5 percent, vancomycin 500 mg, meropenem 500 mg, ceftriaxone, levotloxacin 250mg/50 ml, and ceftazidime to ensure enough supplies for domestic use. The administration said in an announcement that since the situation in Vietnam is stable, exports could return to normal. There have been no deaths so far from Covid-19, and the country has gone 21 days now without community transmission. Of the total 271 confirmed cases so far, 232 have been discharged from hospitals and the remaining 39 are being treated. The nation has eased its social distancing orders, sent students back in school and resumes local transportation. On Wednesday, the Steering Committee on the Prevention and Control of Covid-19 spearheaded by Deputy Prime Minister Vu Duc Dam suggested the government allow all non-essential businesses and services except bars and karaoke parlors to resume operation. The committee stressed the need to continue tightening control on all arrivals from abroad, as the condition inside Vietnam becomes stable.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/trump-offers-vietnam-ventilators-to-aid-covid-19-fight-4095550.html|&nbspMay 7, 2020 02:48 pm GMT+7|Trump offers Vietnam ventilators to aid Covid-19 fight|The U.S. is willing to gift Vietnam ventilators to help combat the Covid-19 pandemic, President Donald Trump said Wednesday. Trump went on to thank Vietnam for helping the U.S. in the supply and transport of medical equipment, as well as for the masks it had sent, in a telephonic conference with Prime Minister Nguyen Xuan Phuc on Wednesday, according to Vietnam's Ministry of Foreign Affairs. The U.S. president requested both countries continue to cooperate closely to fight the disease. Last month, Vietnam gifted 250,000 masks to the U.S. The U.S. also expects to receive 4.5 million protective suits produced by DuPont , with the first shipment of 450,000 suits dispatched April 8. In return, Phuc praised Trump’s goodwill in gifting Vietnam ventilators, and the U.S. for having financially supported ASEAN, including for to help boost its medical capabilities and economic recovery post-Covid-19. Both leaders agreed to further develop the two countries’ economic and commercial relationship. This year, Vietnam and the U.S. mark the 25th anniversary of the normalization of their diplomatic relations. The U.S. is the worst hit country by Covid-19, with over 1.2 million infections and over 74,700 deaths so far. Vietnam has recorded 271 cases so far, of which 39 remain active. The country has recorded no community transmission in the last 21 days.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/business/economy/vietnam-12th-strongest-economy-amid-covid-19-fallout-4094613.html|&nbspMay 6, 2020 03:41 pm GMT+7|Vietnam 12th strongest economy amid Covid-19 fallout|Vietnam is the 12th strongest financially out of 66 emerging economies following the devastation caused by the Covid-19 pandemic, according to The Economist newspaper. In Southeast Asia, it is behind only the Philippines (6th) and Thailand (7th) in a global ranking compiled by the British publication of 66 countries and territories based on four indicators: public debt, foreign debt, cost of borrowing, and reserve cover. The Vietnamese economy is relatively strong and stable in all four and is among the least affected by the Covid-19 crisis, the report said. Vietnam’s public debt stood at 56.1 percent of GDP last year and is set to reduce to 54.3 percent this year, the Ministry of Finance said in a budget report to the National Assembly. The country lifted its 22-day social distancing campaign from April 23 and the government ordered provinces and cities to reopen their economy at the earliest. The country saw decade-low GDP growth of 3.8 percent in the first quarter after "non-essential" businesses and tourist destinations were ordered to close. Last year growth had been 7.02 percent, the second highest rate in a decade. At a cabinet meeting on Tuesday Prime Minister Nguyen Xuan Phuc called for setting a growth target of above 5 percent for this year and keeping inflation below 4 percent. Botswana, Taiwan, South Korea, Peru, and Russia were the top five economies in the ranking while Venezuela brought up the bottom.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/business/industries/unsold-cars-inventory-doubles-as-covid-19-slashes-demand-4094583.html|&nbspMay 6, 2020 08:10 am GMT+7|Unsold cars inventory doubles as Covid-19 slashes demand|Vietnam’s unsold inventory of locally-assembled cars rose 122.5 percent year-on-year in the first quarter as the coronavirus pandemic severely slashed demand. Vehicle production fell 10.4 percent year-on-year to 56,200 units, according to a report by the Ministry of Industry and Trade's industry agency. The value of auto part imports fell 7 percent year-on-year to near $910 million, it added. The drop in production and sales happened as major car manufacturers and assemblers such as Toyota and Ford and dealerships in the first two weeks of April in compliance with the government-ordered social distancing campaign. Production has now been resumed, but at a low capacity because the unsold rate is still high, industry insiders said. An earlier report by the Vietnam Automobile Manufacturers Association (VAMA) said car sales of both imported and locally-produced units fell to a in the first quarter, with double digit drops in sales of domestic producers like Truong Hai Auto (Thaco), Toyota and Honda. Car imports was also impacted by global travel restrictions. In the first four months, the number of imported completely-built units fell 30 percent to 33,000, according to Vietnam Customs. Major drops in April were seen from Japan, Thailand and Indonesia, all badly affected by the Covid-19 pandemic. The Ministry of Industry and Trade proposed early April that registration fees on locally-produced cars are reduced by half to boost sales. It also suggested deferring tax obligations of car manufacturers and assemblers until the end of the first quarter next year. Vietnam's car sales last year rose 12 percent over 2018 to 322,300 units, according to VAMA.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/vietnam-enters-day-20-without-community-transmission-of-covid-19-4094453.html|&nbspMay 6, 2020 06:35 am GMT+7|Vietnam enters day 20 without community transmission of Covid-19|The Health Ministry confirmed no fresh Covid-19 case Wednesday morning, meaning the nation remained clear of community transmissions for 20 consecutive days. It also kept Vietnam's Covid-19 tally at 271 from Sunday evening. Of these 232 have recovered and 39 are still under treatment. On Tuesday, Vietnam recorded one more relapse, with a 10-year-old boy in Ho Chi Minh City, "Patient 204," testing positive for the novel coronavirus 25 days after being discharged. The boy marked the 10th relapse in the city and 15th nationwide. Of the relapsed cases, two were discharged Tuesday. After studying at least five virus samples taken from relapsed cases, health experts in Vietnam have confirmed that the virus is "inactive" and relapsed patients are unlikely to infect others. Doctor Nguyen Van Kinh, head of the board in charge of treating Covid-19 patients at the National Hospital of Tropical Diseases in Hanoi, said what’s left inside the body of relapsed patients are just genetic fragments of the virus and there is no chance it can be transmitted to others. "In terms of public health, we do not need to be afraid of relapses," he said. The Covid-19 pandemic has affected 212 countries and territories, with almost 257,000 deaths reported so far.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/covid-19-under-control-in-vietnam-despite-waves-of-infected-returnees-expert-4100877.html|&nbspMay 18, 2020 09:47 am GMT+7|Covid-19 under control in Vietnam despite waves of infected returnees: expert|Vietnam has done well in detecting and curbing Covid-19 infection, and its health sector is coping easily, a senior public health official said. Tran Dac Phu, a senior advisor at the Public Health Emergency Operations Center, said the country has not let down its guard since it recorded the first cases of new coronavirus infection in January. Later on, as more cases were recorded, it is always prompt in quarantining Covid-19 suspects and identifying infected areas to isolate or even lock them down. Its healthcare system, military and the public have acquired experience in preventing the spread of infection and are aware of the rules for fighting the pandemic. "Covid-19 is still under control in Vietnam," he said at a meeting held in Hanoi on Sunday. The nation of 95 million people has so far had only 320 cases of Covid-19. Of them, 260 patients have recovered. It has avoided community transmission since April 16 and s to date. Now Vietnam has shifted its focus to containing transmission by people coming from overseas. All its recent cases have been people arriving from abroad on special flights from stricken areas. But Phu said this should not be a public concern because all arrivals are immediately quarantined. In quarantine, they are tested and monitored for 14 days, and there is no chance they can spread the virus even if they have it, he said. He warned about people entering the country through unmonitored trails and avoiding quarantines and health checks. Recently a 39-year-old man from Cambodia and was quarantined the next day. He was confirmed infected on Saturday evening, and 17 people who had come into close contact with him have been isolated. Addressing fears about the -- more than 30 have been diagnosed since Friday morning -- Phu said the health sector is capable of handling them, and its experience in fighting severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS) at the turn of the century is useful even today. Vietnam was recognized by the World Health Organization (WHO) as the first country to successfully contain SARS. "It can be guaranteed that Vietnam is still capable of quarantining arrivals from abroad and testing them to detect infection. And, we have been doing a good job of treatment, keeping patients at local hospitals and only transferring critical cases to city- and central-level hospitals to avoid overload and pressure." Reiterating that there is no need to worry about imported cases, he said community transmission should be the biggest concern. Once it happens and spreads quickly, the medical system would be overwhelmed, he warned. But with what Vietnam has been doing, he said that scenario is unlikely to happen. "What is important is that we do not become complacent. If we keep up our good work, we will not have to face the second wave of community infection, but even if that happens, it would remain a small outbreak that we can bring under control. "Once infections are detected early, we can quickly locate the affected areas and do contact tracing. In that case, the outbreak will be like a small fire and we can easily put it out." Speaking about what the future holds, Phu said the pandemic might never disappear just like the flu or HIV. "The pandemic could last one or two more years. Many experts have said it will not end like SARS but is here to stay." Unlike SARS patients, who usually show symptoms and need to be hospitalized and treated immediately, Covid-19 patients do not have symptoms, which makes it easy to spread the virus in the community and difficult to detect. "Patient 315," the man who came back from Cambodia to Tay Ninh, was one such case. He did not have symptoms like fever, cough or sore throat when entering Vietnam on May 2, and authorities had the arduous task of tracking down everyone who had come into contact with him. WHO also said on Wednesday that the new coronavirus , and populations around the world have to learn to live with it.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/vietnam-discharges-another-seven-covid-19-patients-4087573.html|&nbspApril 20, 2020 07:09 pm GMT+7|Vietnam discharges another seven Covid-19 patients|The Ninh Binh General Hospital discharged seven more patients Monday afternoon, bringing down the number of active cases in Vietnam to 54. Patients 164, 165, 180, 181, 182, 230 and 240 will be kept under medical monitoring at home for another 14 days. Most of them are overseas students who were quarantined upon arrival in Vietnam at military-run quarantine facilities. Some of them have tested negative five times. The hospital, located in the northern province’s Nho Quan District, had also discharged a Covid-19 patient Monday morning. With the latest discharges, there are just two Covid-19 patients under treatment in Ninh Binh. Vietnam has recorded a total of 268 coronavirus cases, the majority of whom have been discharged after treatment. The country has also gone through four consecutive days without new Covid-19 infections.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/vietnam-confirms-no-new-covid-19-case-wednesday-4095282.html|&nbspMay 6, 2020 07:54 pm GMT+7|Vietnam confirms no new Covid-19 case Wednesday|The Health Ministry confirmed no fresh Covid-19 case Wednesday evening, meaning Vietnam has remained clear of community transmissions for 20 consecutive days.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/hcmc-discharges-one-more-covid-19-patient-4087883.html|&nbspApril 21, 2020 01:00 pm GMT+7|HCMC discharges one more Covid-19 patient|A Vietnamese youth returning from abroad, HCMC’s latest Covid-19 patient in a fortnight, was discharged Tuesday morning. His discharge brings the number of active Covid-19 cases in HCMC down to two, and in Vietnam to 52, after detected Sunday has tested negative and is now treated as a discharged patient. "Patient 248," 20, was released from the field hospital in HCMC’s Cu Chi District after two weeks of treatment and will be kept under medical monitoring at home for another 14 days. He flew from the U.S. to Vietnam, transiting in Japan on Japan Airlines flight JL079, landing March 23 in HCMC. He was quarantined on arrival at a university dormitory in Thu Duc District and stayed in the same room with two other people. On April 5, his samples tested positive. His two roommates were then under quarantine for a further 14 days while he was sent to the Cu Chi field hospital. The roommates have both tested negative after their extra quarantine period. After "Patient 248" till today, HCMC has gone 17 days straight without recording any new coronavirus infection. The city has no Covid-19 suspect either. People are suspects if they have symptoms like cough, fever and shortness of breath, have come from outbreak areas or have had direct contact with returnees from stricken areas. The city now has two Covid-19 patients left, one at the Cu Chi hospital and the other at the HCMC Hospital of Tropical Diseases. Vietnam has gone five days straight without recording any new Covid-19 infection, keeping its tally at 268 since Thursday morning. Of these, 216, including the latest discharge, have made full recovery.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/business/companies/leading-tour-operator-reports-big-loss-on-covid-19-impact-4093685.html|&nbspMay 4, 2020 11:50 am GMT+7|Leading tour operator reports big loss on Covid-19 impact|Vietravel reported a loss of VND41.5 billion ($1.7 million) in the first quarter as a result of the Covid-19 crisis. The giant tour operator’s revenues were VND790 billion ($33.7 million) in the quarter, down 40 percent year-on-year, according to its latest consolidated financial statement. The leading tour operator blamed the first quarter loss on the pandemic's severe and direct impact on the tourism industry as Vietnam curbed travel. Its revenues from selling tours fell 47 percent to VND608 billion ($25.9 million) and from charter air tickets by 33 percent to VND155 billion ($6.6 million). It was the company's second consecutive quarter in the red, after its loss largely due to rising costs. For full-year 2019 it had reported a profit of VND44 billion ($1.87 million). Last month the government approved its proposal to set up an airline, making it another potential entrant in the country's rapidly growing aviation market.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/discharged-covid-19-patient-dies-of-liver-cirrhosis-in-vietnam-4094097.html|&nbspMay 4, 2020 11:03 pm GMT+7|Discharged Covid-19 patient dies of liver cirrhosis in Vietnam|A 64-year-old man from Ha Nam Province, who was discharged after testing Covid-19 negative four times, died last Friday of liver cirrhosis, the Health Ministry said Monday night. "Patient 251", who tested positive for the virus on April 7, was treated at the National Hospital of Tropical Diseases in Hanoi. He was discharged from the hospital on April 17 after testing negative four times in a row and transferred to the Ha Nam General Hospital in the northern province of Ha Nam for treatment of liver cirrhosis. Since March 20, he had been treated at the Ha Nam General Hospital's gastroenterology department for liver cirrhosis, exhaustion and severe gout. The patient went comatose due to severe impairment of liver function and electrolyte disturbance before his death. After the patient died, the Ha Nam General Hospital carried out a Covid-19 test and the result came back negative. The patient did not have any symptoms of lung damage caused by Covid-19, doctors said. On Monday, the Health Ministry discussed the case with leading health experts and confirmed his death was not caused by the novel coronavirus. Vietnam has not recorded any Covid-19 deaths so far. Three patients are in critical condition. The country has confirmed 271 Covid-19 cases to date, of which 50 are active. The active cases include 14 relapses.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/business/economy/covid-19-success-could-boost-post-pandemic-fdi-inflows-4094461.html|&nbspMay 6, 2020 06:46 am GMT+7|Covid-19 success could boost post-pandemic FDI inflows|Vietnam’s declining foreign investment inflow will be reversed soon with the government’s drastic anti-pandemic measures proving effective, experts believe. "The drops are only temporary. When investors see that Vietnam has been able to contain the virus, investment will surge," Nguyen Mai, chairman of Vietnam’s Association of Foreign Invested Enterprises (VAFIE). FDI attraction in the first four months fell 15.5 percent year-on-year to $12.3 billion, with drops in the number of newly-registered projects and value of stake acquisitions, according to the Ministry of Planning and Investment. The ministry’s Foreign Investment Agency said that travel restrictions have discouraged investors from making new investment decisions. Most investment trips from Japan, South Korea, Singapore and other countries have been canceled. Vietnam has received international praise for containing the spread of Covid-19 by taking early action and implementing drastic measures. The country has confirmed 271 coronavirus cases so far with no deaths, compared to 3,000 cases in Thailand and 11,200 in Indonesia. for quickly issuing prevention guidelines when the number of confirmed cases in China was low, and beginning the quarantining process very early. Dinh Trong Thinh, head of the International Finance Faculty of the Academy of Finance, said that Vietnam’s success in containing the disease shows prospects for future investment. There have been many reports of major foreign companies considering starting production in Vietnam as a new manufacturing hub as they seek to shift away from China. Taiwan’s Pegatron, which manufactures Apple iPhones, has announced plans to set up a factory in Vietnam by the end of the year. The company, which is the world’s second largest contract manufacturer of electronics behind fellow Taiwanese company Foxconn, is set to establish a factory in a northern province to make devices for internet connectivity. It is scheduled to begin operation next year. Taiwan's Inventec, Apple's main assembly partner for AirPods, is reportedly preparing to establish a unit in Vietnam. Google is set to begin production of its low-cost smartphones with Vietnamese partners this year, while Microsoft is scheduled to produce notebooks and desktop computers in the northern region in the second quarter. Japan’s Nintendo has also made plans to shift some of the production of its Switch gaming consoles from China to Vietnam. Furthermore, foreign investors have been . Despite Covid-19 impacts, industrial land prices in the first quarter rose 6.5 percent in the north and 12 percent in the south, according to a report by real estate service firm Jones Lang LaSalle (JLL). The report said companies looking to diversify their manufacturing portfolio outside China are attracted to Vietnam, thanks to its proximity to the former. But several experts say that regardless of how many FDI projects are registered, their quality is more important. Mai of VAFIE said that although FDI pledges value in the first four months rose 27 percent to $6.8 billion, most of it came from a $4 billion liquefied natural gas (LNG) project in the southern province of Bac Lieu, invested by a Singaporean investor. "Without this one project, an average FDI pledge was $2.8 million, compared to $8-10 million in previous years. This shows a decrease in FDI value." Vietnam has been attracting FDI for over three decades, but the government in recent years have been calling local authorities to be by selecting the high-tech and clean sectors to reduce environmental pollution. But there were few projects of this type this year, Mai said. "The decrease in total value is inevitable because of the pandemic, but in the long run Vietnam needs to seek more projects that prioritize advanced technologies and environment friendliness," he added.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/vietnam-discharges-another-21-covid-19-patients-4086289.html|&nbspApril 17, 2020 06:04 pm GMT+7|Vietnam discharges another 21 Covid-19 patients|Hospitals in northern and southern Vietnam discharged 21 fully recovered Covid-19 patients Friday, bringing the national tally of active cases down to 70. Most of the discharges, 17, were made by the National Hospital of Tropical Diseases on Hanoi; one from the Nho Quan District General Hospital in the northern province of Ninh Binh; and three from the Tra Vinh Tuberculosis and Lung Disease Hospital in the Mekong Delta province of Tra Vinh. According to the Ministry of Health, the 17 patients discharged in Hanoi are Patients 108, 128, 133, 139, 169, 172, 173, 174, 183, 191, 213, 217, 219, 221, 223, 242 and 251. Patients 105, 106 and 144 were discharged in Tra Vinh and "Patient 229" from Ninh Binh. Of the discharged patients, 11 entered Vietnam from other countries, mostly students studying abroad; and 10 cases were the result of community transmission, of whom eight were people who visited, worked at, took care of or came into contact with someone at the Bach Mai Hospital, which became a major Covid-19 hotspot. As of Friday, the National Hospital of Tropical Diseases has cured 98 Covid-19 patients. The road to treatment however was not without its difficulties, said Doctor Do Thi Phuong Mai, deputy head of the hospital's general infection department. "At peak times, there were 22 patients who had lung damage out of 39 positive cases being treated at the department. Some of them had already tested negative, then positive again," she said. Vietnam has confirmed 268 Covid-19 infections so far and discharged a total of 198 patients. The Covid-19 pandemic has spread to 210 countries and territories with reported deaths surpassing 147,300.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/british-oil-expert-is-vietnam-s-latest-covid-19-patient-4093373.html|&nbspMay 3, 2020 06:39 pm GMT+7|British oil expert is Vietnam's latest Covid-19 patient|Vietnam confirmed a new Covid-19 patient Sunday evening, a British expert who arrived in HCMC this week to work on a Petrovietnam project.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/business/data-speaks/food-delivery-a-mainstay-for-vietnamese-urbanites-amid-covid-19-crisis-4099471.html|&nbspMay 17, 2020 04:00 pm GMT+7|Food delivery a mainstay for Vietnamese urbanites amid Covid-19 crisis|The Covid-19 social distancing period saw many city residents use food delivery services for the first time, and others significantly increase purchase frequency. A survey done by market research firm Q&Me, found 75 percent of Vietnamese respondents in Hanoi and HCMC saying they used online food ordering services during the social distancing campaign. Twenty-four percent said they were using food delivery services for the first time. The survey covered 840 respondents in Hanoi and HCMC in April as the country entered a 15-22 day social distancing campaign as a preventive measure to contain the spread of the novel coronavirus. Those not using food delivery services said they did their own cooking (66 percent), were concerned about food quality (28 percent), high shipping costs (17 percent), time-taken for delivery (14 percent) and high food costs (14 percent). GrabFood proved to be the most popular delivery app in Vietnam with 79 percent of users, followed by Now (56 percent), Go Food (41 percent), Baemin (15 percent) and Loship (12 percent). The survey found 79 percent of respondents ordering food online at least once a week. Most of the respondents (51 percent) ordered food and drink delivery at lunch and teatime, 43 percent did so at dinner while 16 percent used food delivery for breakfast. The potential of food delivery services remains strong, observers said. A recent survey of 600 food delivery app users showed 99 percent ordered food online 2-3 times a month, according to local market research firm GCOMM. Vietnam’s food delivery market was estimated to top $38 million in 2020 by market research firm Euromonitor, which also predicted an annual growth rate of the market at 11 percent. The post pandemic period could see greater growth with more consumers opting for safety and convenience, some market observers have said.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/two-covid-19-patients-recover-active-tally-down-to-52-4093837.html|&nbspMay 4, 2020 03:04 pm GMT+7|Two Covid-19 patients recover, active tally down to 52|A woman and a man being treated in Ninh Binh Province were declared Covid-19 free Monday, bringing Vietnam’s number of active cases down to 52. "Patient 166," a 25-year-old woman from the northern province of Bac Ninh, had returned to Vietnam from Thailand on March 20. She was confirmed positive for the novel coronavirus on March 28, and treated at the Ninh Binh General Hospital. "Patient 170," a 27-year-old man from the province's Kim Son District, was confirmed positive on March 25, five days after he visited Bach Mai Hospital, a Covid-19 hotspot in Hanoi. He was treated at Kim Son District General Hospital. The two are the last to be discharged among 13 Covid-19 patients in Ninh Binh. Vietnam has confirmed 271 Covid-19 cases in total, of which 219 have recovered. Of the 52 active cases, 14 are relapses. The country’s last recorded case is a 37-year-old British oil expert who arrived in HCMC on April 28 to work on a Petrovietnam project. He was confirmed positive Sunday. Vietnam has recorded no community transmission in the last 18 days. More than 261,000 Covid-19 tests have been conducted in the country. The Covid-19 pandemic has spread to 212 countries and territories, and reported deaths have topped 248,300.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/vietnam-s-latest-covid-19-patient-a-relapse-case-4093820.html|&nbspMay 4, 2020 03:43 pm GMT+7|Vietnam's latest Covid-19 patient a relapse case|A British oil expert had tested Covid-19 positive in the U.K., then negative after 14 days, before coming to HCMC and testing positive again. The oil expert, Vietnam’s latest Covid-19 patient, had not been treated in the U.K. after testing positive on April 7. He had isolated himself at home before testing negative 14 days later, an epidemiological investigation has shown, HCMC authorities say. Doctor Nguyen Tri Dung, Director of HCMC Center for Disease Control, said Monday that British authorities had given "Patient 271" a certificate that he was free of the virus before coming to Vietnam. The 37-years-old arrived in HCMC on April 28 on a private jet. He was quarantined on arrival on the same day and tested negative. But a test five days later came out positive. The man had flown in with 12 other passengers who are still under quarantine and have tested negative so far. The flight crew left Vietnam immediately and did not go through immigration process. "Patient 271" has not developed a fever, cough, or sore throat as of Monday morning. He has been moved to the city's Cu Chi field hospital for treatment. "The patient was quarantined upon arrival and monitored in accordance with the procedures so there are no transmission factors in the community," Dung said. Vietnam suspends foreign nationals from entering the country starting March 22. In certain cases, those coming with diplomatic or official passports, or for special economic projects, are given entry, but they need to present a Covid-19 free certificate from a recognized authority in the country of embarkation. All persons are put under 14 days of quarantine upon arrival and tested for the novel coronavirus. The World Health Organization (WHO) said in its scientific brief on April 24: "There is not enough evidence about the effectiveness of antibody-mediated immunity to guarantee the accuracy of an ‘immunity passport’ or ‘risk-free certificate’", adding that using such certificates might increase transmission risks. On Monday, HCMC authorities said everyone arriving in the city from abroad will be quarantined for 14 days and tested on the first, fifth, 10th and last day of isolation. The Health Ministry regulates that arrivals are tested on the first and last days of the 14-day quarantine period only. HCMC has recorded 55 cases. It is treating eight active cases and has discharged the rest. Vietnam, which still has 53 patients under treatment, began day 18 without community transmission Monday morning.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/business/economy/experienced-managers-struggle-as-covid-19-wreaks-economic-havoc-4093011.html|&nbspMay 4, 2020 09:06 am GMT+7|Experienced managers struggle as Covid-19 wreaks economic havoc|Mid-level employees are struggling to find new jobs despite years of relevant experience as the Covid-19 pandemic impacts major industries. Data from recruitment firm Navigos Search shows that among 1,200 candidates who applied for its coronavirus career support program in April, nearly half were managers, supervisors and team leaders. As many as 41 percent of the candidates had more than eight years of experience, showing that experienced mid-level employees are having difficulty finding new opportunities, the report said. The top three industries that candidates seek jobs from are manufacturing, tourism/hospitality and financial services/insurance. Of these, the first two have been major victims of the pandemic, suffering major job cuts from February to April. Vietnam’s workforce has taken a huge blow as demand for goods and services falls as a result of social distancing measures, while the disrupted supply chain has cut jobs in manufacturing. First quarter employment figures fell to a 10-year low with having to work less hours or losing their jobs, according to the General Statistics Office. The number of companies temporarily suspending businesses in the first quarter rose 26 percent year-on-year to 18,600, it said. Pham Van Viet, deputy chairman of the Ho Chi Minh City Association of Garments, Textiles, Embroidery, & Knitwear (AGTEK), said recently that textile manufacturers were struggling to pay salaries and retain employees as orders from foreign buyers were canceled or delayed. But the labor market is also seeing some improvement. Nguyen Phuong Mai, CEO of Navigos Search, said that as Vietnam loosens strict social distancing measures, recruitment needs have also seen positive changes. "Some businesses have boosted recruitment activities to quickly recover production and business," Mai said. As the pandemic makes global businesses realize that they could not depend on the supply from one country, the shift in investment and production to Southeast Asian countries, including Vietnam, will be more evident, she added.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/vietnam-ends-16th-day-without-covid-19-community-transmission-4093102.html|&nbspMay 2, 2020 06:16 pm GMT+7|Vietnam ends 16th day without Covid-19 community transmission|The Health Ministry confirmed no new coronavirus cases Saturday evening, marking the 16th consecutive day Vietnam has gone without community transmission. Of the 270 patients recorded so far, 217 have been discharged and 53 are undergoing treatment, including 14 relapsed patients. Among the active ones,12 have tested negative once and nine twice. Of the relapses, five are in Hanoi and six in Ho Chi Minh City including the latest two cases confirmed Saturday. The northern province of Quang Ninh has reported two relapsed patients and the south central province of Binh Thuan one. So far, Vietnam has gone eight days without new infections. The latest patients, announced last Friday evening, were both students studying in Japan who returned to the Van Don Airport in Quang Ninh on April 22. They were quarantined on arrival and are now under treatment at the National Hospital of Tropical Diseases in Hanoi. Nearly 30,000 people are quarantined in the country – 244 in hospitals specialized for Covid-19 treatment, over 5,500 at centralized facilities and the rest at home. The health ministry also said Saturday that three critically-ill Covid-19 patients in Vietnam have overcome "the most difficult stage." The Covid-19 pandemic has spread to 212 countries and territories, with almost 240,000 deaths reported so far.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/two-covid-19-patients-discharged-in-vietnam-4085224.html|&nbspApril 15, 2020 05:15 pm GMT+7|Two Covid-19 patients discharged in Vietnam|Two men were discharged from hospitals on Wednesday after recovering from Covid-19, bringing the national tally of active cases down to 96. "Patient 145" is a 34-year-old man from Saigon's Tan Phu District, who flew from the U.K. to Can Tho City in the Mekong Delta on March 22. He tested positive on March 26 and was treated at the Can Tho Tuberculosis and Lung Diseases Hospital. The city has no more active Covid-19 cases. "Patient 235" is a 25-year-old British man who visited the Buddha Bar & Grill in Saigon, a major outbreak site, on March 14. He was confirmed positive on April 3 and treated at Saigon's Cu Chi field hospital. With him discharged, the city has eight patients still under treatment. Vietnam has had confirmed 267 Covid-19 cases so far but no deaths. The pandemic has claimed close to 127,500 lives and spread to 210 countries and territories.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/vietnam-goes-all-out-to-try-and-save-british-covid-19-patient-4100098.html|&nbspMay 16, 2020 06:39 am GMT+7|Vietnam goes all out to try and save British Covid-19 patient|Vietnam has spent about VND5 billion ($215,000) over the past two months on its most critically ill British patient, a pilot claiming to have no relatives.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/business/industries/motorcycle-sales-fall-amid-covid-19-outbreak-4083769.html|&nbspApril 15, 2020 02:28 pm GMT+7|Motorcycle sales fall amid Covid-19 outbreak|The fallout of the coronavirus pandemic and a saturated market meant traditional motorbike sales in Vietnam fell 3.03 percent in the first quarter. According to the latest report from the Vietnam Association of Motorcycle Manufacturers (VAMM), 731,007 motorbikes were sold in the period. The business group blamed the outbreak for dragging down demand in an already saturated market. The business group also blamed the downturn on the rise of local electric motorcycle manufacturers like VinFast, Yadea and Mbigo. VinFast sold more than 50,000 electric motorcycles last year. Traditional motorbike sales were down 3.87 percent to 3.25 million last year, according to VAMM. Honda retained its overwhelming lead with a market share of more than 75 percent, Yamaha had around 20 percent. The rest was split between Piaggio, SYM and Suzuki. Motorbike sales in Vietnam ranked second in ASEAN, behind Indonesia last year, and domestic demand showed a decline against regional growth. Globally, Vietnam ranked fourth in motorbike consumption behind India, China and Indonesia, unchanged from 2018.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/vietnam-starts-9th-straight-day-without-new-covid-19-case-4093226.html|&nbspMay 3, 2020 06:39 am GMT+7|Vietnam starts 9th straight day without new Covid-19 case|Sunday morning marked the 9th consecutive day that Vietnam recorded no new Covid-19 infection and 17th day with no community transmission. Of the 270 Covid-19 patients confirmed so far, 217 have been discharged and 53 are undergoing treatment, including 14 relapsed patients with the latest two cases confirmed Saturday in Ho Chi Minh City. Among the active cases, 12 have tested negative once and nine twice. Of the relapses, five are in Hanoi, six in Ho Chi Minh City, two in the northern province of Quang Ninh and one in the south central province of Binh Thuan. Of three critically-ill Covid-19 patients in the country, an 88-year-old Hung Yen woman under treatment in Hanoi, Vietnam’s oldest patient, has tested negative once. The condition of a 64-year-old Hanoi woman has improved slightly while that of a 43-year-old British man in HCMC remains critical. More than 30,000 people are quarantined in the country – 246 suspected patients kept in hospitals specialized for Covid-19 treatment, over 5,700 at centralized facilities and the rest at home. The Covid-19 pandemic has spread to 212 countries and territories, with more than 244,500 deaths reported so far.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/us-adds-5-million-to-covid-19-assistance-for-vietnam-4093039.html|&nbspMay 2, 2020 03:31 pm GMT+7|US adds $5 million to Covid-19 assistance for Vietnam|The U.S. will provide $5 million to help mitigate Covid-19 impacts on the Vietnamese economy, the State Department said Friday. The Covid-19 pandemic has spread to 212 countries and territories, with almost 240,000 deaths reported so far.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/two-foreigners-are-vietnam-s-latest-covid-19-relapses-4093024.html|&nbspMay 2, 2020 01:44 pm GMT+7|Two foreigners are Vietnam’s latest Covid-19 relapses|Two recovered Covid-19 patients in HCMC, a Brit and a Brazilian, have tested positive after being discharged, raising the city’s total relapses to six and the nation’s to 14. The Ho Chi Minh City Department of Health confirmed Friday that the two relapsed patients are "Patient 124," a 52-year-old Brazilian man, and "Patient 235," a 25-year-old British man, linked to Buddha Bar & Grill in District 2, the city’s largest coronavirus hotspot. They were found positive for the novel coronavirus 15 days after being discharged from the city’s Cu Chi field hospital. The Brazilian man, who attended a party at the Buddha Bar on March 14, was confirmed positive on March 23. He was discharged on April 14 after three negative tests and asked to quarantine himself at home for another 14 days. On April 29, he had his samples taken for testing for the last time before completing the 14-day home quarantine. However, the result came back positive. The British man, who visited the Buddha Bar the same day, was confirmed positive on April 3 and discharged on April 15. He was also asked to be quarantined at home for another 14 days. On April 30, health officials took his samples for the final test and the results came back positive for the virus. Both men are back at the Cu Chi hospital for treatment. So far, the city has reported six relapses, five of them related to the Buddha Bar and the other a Vietnamese student returning from France. The new relapses take the number of patients under treatment in Vietnam to 53. 217 others have been discharged. In the wake of the relapses, HCMC health authorities announced Friday that they will keep recovered Covid-19 patients under health monitoring for 30 days instead of 14. During this period, the city will conduct a coronavirus test every day on the recovered patients. In another move to prevent possible infections from relapsed patients, the Health Ministry last week suggested that patients eligible for discharge from hospitals . The ministry has also said that samples taken from five of the relapsed patients showed the virus was "inactive" in their bodies, which theoretically means the chances of them spreading the infection are "very low." Covid-19 relapses are not uncommon worldwide as it has also been reported in China, Japan and South Korea. In South Korea, where more than 270 people have tested positive for the virus after recovering, researchers at the country's center for disease control and prevention have said it is impossible for the virus to reactivate in human bodies and the relapse results were due to testing failures.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/three-covid-19-patients-recover-from-severe-condition-4092440.html|&nbspMay 1, 2020 06:38 am GMT+7|Three Covid-19 patients recover from severe condition|Doctors in Hanoi and HCMC have said three severely ill coronavirus patients are making steady progress. "Patient 20", a 64-year-old Hanoi woman who had contracted pneumonia, was brought to the National Hospital for Tropical Diseases in the capital with failing health 54 days ago. She spent 44 days in intensive care. The patient is making a slow recovery and would continue to receive supplementary nutrition and respiratory care before entering rehabilitation and the extracorporeal membrane oxygenation (ECMO) procedure is stopped. "Patient 161", an 88-year-old woman from the northern province of Hung Yen, is following a similar trajectory. She is receiving treatment at the same hospital in Hanoi. A British pilot for Vietnam Airlines, "patient 91", still severely ill, is making slow progress at the Ho Chi Minh City Tropical Hospital. The 43-year-old remains on ECMO and artificial ventilation. Meanwhile, the number of relapses is growing slowly. In Ho Chi Minh City "patient 92" again tested positive for the novel coronavirus on Thursday, 15 days after discharge, bringing the total number of relapses to 12. Deputy Minister of Health Nguyen Truong Son ascribed relapses possibly to the virus invading and developing in other organs like the lungs and in the digestive system. Another possible reason is that real-time RT-PCR tests pick up remnants of the virus, but they are not active. The third possibility involves the capability, sensitivity and specificity of the current RT-PCR technique. In addition to sample quality, its location may also affect test results. Vietnam recorded no new Covid-19 cases on Thursday, the seventh clean day and the 15th without community transmission. Of the 270 confirmed cases, 51 remain active while the other 219 have been discharged from hospital. The Covid-19 pandemic has spread to 210 countries and territories so far, claiming over 233,700 lives.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/vietnam-reports-no-new-covid-19-cases-for-seven-days-4092617.html|&nbspMay 1, 2020 06:38 am GMT+7|Vietnam reports no new Covid-19 cases for seven days|Vietnam has seven days with no new coronavirus infections and 15 days without community transmission. Of the country's 270 Covid-19 cases to date, 51 remain active and 219 have been discharged from hospitals. The 51 include 12 patients who relapsed. Vietnam began buying Covid-19 medicines for a possible 10,000 infections, but Prime Minister Nguyen Xuan Phuc has called a halt to this, the Government Office announced Thursday. But localities need to have contingency stocks, the PM said. He noted that with 270 confirmed cases out of an almost 100 million population, Vietnam is among the countries with the lowest infection rates. A 16-year old girl in the northern province of Ha Giang was discharged on Thursday. On the same day " ", a 21-year-old Vietnamese student who had returned from France, relapsed 15 days after being discharged from Ho Chi Minh City's Cu Chi field hospital. The fourth relapse in HCMC took the national count to 12. Most of the 51 patients being treated are in stable condition, with 15 of them testing negative for the virus at least once. Over 47,000 people are in quarantine, 272 in hospitals, over 12,000 at quarantine facilities and the rest at home. The Ministry of Health has instructed medical facilities to perform more check-ups at home or through phone or the Internet. The pandemic has spread to 210 countries and territories so far, claiming over 233,700 lives.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/vietnam-stays-covid-19-clear-for-eighth-straight-day-4092795.html|&nbspMay 2, 2020 06:44 am GMT+7|Vietnam stays Covid-19 clear for eighth straight day|Saturday morning was the eighth day in a row that Vietnam confirmed no new Covid-19 patient, keeping its total count at 270 since last Friday. Of the 270, 219 have been discharged and 51 are undergoing treatment, including 12 relapsed patients. Among the active ones, nine have tested negative once and seven twice. Of the relapses, five are in Hanoi, four in Ho Chi Minh City, two in the northern province of Quang Ninh and one in the south central province of Binh Thuan. In the wake of relapses, HCMC health authorities announced Friday that they will keep recovered Covid-19 patients under health monitoring for 30 days instead of 14, as has been done so far. During this period, the city will conduct the new coronavirus test every day on the recovered patients, instead of once a week as the nation's been doing thus far. In another move to prevent possible infections from relapsed patients, the Health Ministry last week suggested that patients eligible for discharge from hospitals . So far, all patients have been allowed to leave hospitals after discharge and be monitored at home for 14 days. Saturday morning also marks the 16th consecutive day that Vietnam has not reported any infection caused by community transmission. The Covid-19 pandemic has spread to 212 countries and territories, with almost 240,000 deaths reported so far.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/vietnam-records-no-new-covid-19-cases-friday-evening-4092827.html|&nbspMay 1, 2020 06:28 pm GMT+7|Vietnam records no new Covid-19 cases Friday evening|The Health Ministry confirmed no fresh coronavirus cases Friday evening, keeping the national count of active infections at 51. The last infection was recorded seven days ago. Of the 270 Covid-19 cases to date, 51 remain active and 219 have been discharged from hospitals. The 51 active cases include 12 relapsed patients. Vietnam has gone 15 days without community transmission. Most of the 51 active patients are in stable health, and 16 have tested negative for the virus at least once. Ho Chi Minh City Friday shut down its Can Gio Covid-19 treatment facility. The city has five active coronavirus patients, four at the Cu Chi field hospital in Cu Chi District, all relapsed cases, and one at the HCMC Hospital for Tropical Diseases in District 5. Over 47,000 people are currently quarantined across the country - 272 in hospitals, over 12,000 at quarantine facilities and the rest at home. The Health Ministry Friday called for public caution, saying the risk of contagion still exists in factories, industrial areas and pharmaceutical establishments. The pandemic has spread to 212 countries and territories so far, claiming over 234,400 lives.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/mekong-delta-province-discharges-covid-19-patient-4084067.html|&nbspApril 13, 2020 05:05 pm GMT+7|Mekong Delta province discharges Covid-19 patient|A Covid-19 patient in the Mekong Delta's Bac Lieu Province was discharged Monday, bringing the national tally of active cases down to 117. "Patient 155" is a 21-year-old woman from the northern province of Hung Yen who returned from the U.K. on March 22. With international flights to Hanoi and HCMC suspended, she landed at the Can Tho Airport in the Mekong Delta. Asymptomatic on arrival, she was quarantined at the Bac Lieu Province's Military School. She was confirmed positive on March 27 and treated at the provincial General Hospital. After treatment, she tested negative for the novel coronavirus repeatedly from April 3 to April 9, the Health Ministry said. She would continue to be isolated and have her health monitored for the next 14 days, the ministry added. Vietnam has confirmed 262 Covid-19 cases so far, and 145, including the latest case, have been discharged from hospitals. Bac Lieu itself is treating two other patients. The Covid-19 pandemic has so far claimed the lives of more than 114,600 people as it affected 210 countries and territories.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/perspectives/covid-19-an-unprecedented-dual-crisis-4084529.html|&nbspApril 15, 2020 04:25 pm GMT+7|Covid-19: an unprecedented dual crisis|One of my favorite "restaurants" in Hanoi is Pho Thin near Ngoc Son Temple, Hoan Kiem Lake. It has never been closed until now.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/vietnam-discharges-23-recovered-covid-19-patients-4084512.html|&nbspApril 14, 2020 03:24 pm GMT+7|Vietnam discharges 23 recovered Covid-19 patients|17 patients were discharged in Hanoi, five in HCMC and one in the central province of Ha Tinh on Tuesday after recovering from Covid-19, taking the national tally of active cases down to 96. In Ha Tinh, Nguyen Thi Hien, dubbed "Patient 146" was discharged from Cau Treo Border Area General Hospital and will be quarantined at home in the neighboring Nghe An Province for 14 more days. Hien, 17, was quarantined after returning from Thailand on March 20. She was confirmed infected six days later. "Thanks to the support of many doctors and nurses, I was mentally strong and that helped me win the disease," Hien said. In HCMC, three of the discharged cases were linked to Buddha Bar & Grill, the city's largest hotspot. Three men, dubbed patients 124, 127 and 158, had been admitted to the Cu Chi field hospital after being infected. "Patient 124" and "Patient 158" are Brazilians, respectively 52 and 45, living in District 2. The former visited the bar on March 14 and was diagnosed with the disease on March 24, and the latter contracted it from him and was diagnosed on March 27. "Patient 127," 23, of Tan Phu District, worked as a waiter at the bar and tested positive also on March 24. The other two discharged in HCMC, Patients 92 and 143, had contracted the disease outside Vietnam. The former is a 21-year-old man from Da Lat who came from France through Qatar on March 17 and tested positive on March 21. The fifth person is a 58-year-old South African woman living in Tan Phu District in HCMC, who flew in from the U.S. through Taiwan on March 21 and was diagnosed on March 26. Of the 17 patients discharged from Hanoi's National Hospital of Tropical Diseases two were critical cases. "Patient 24," a 69-year-old British man who arrived in Hanoi on March 2, had suffered a stroke and was put on a ventilator for 14 days before being removed from the intensive care unit. He was confirmed positive on March 8. His wife, who was also infected but recovered earlier, said: "The pandemic has destroyed our trip. But Vietnamese doctors and nurses have saved us. Thank you very much." "Patient 50," a 50-year-old Vietnamese man who was found infected on March 14 after returning from France, was also discharged after days on a ventilator. Six other patients, Patients 109, 114, 115, 186, 220 and 232, were also confirmed infected after entering Vietnam from overseas. Six other discharged, Patients 175, 177, 189, 190, 199, 208 and 214 are employees of the Truong Sinh Company, which provided food for several hospitals in Hanoi, including the Bach Mai Hospital, a major outbreak site. The other two are linked to Bach Mai. "Patient 87" is a 32-year-old female nurse workig at the Covid-19 quarantine zone at the hospital. She was confirmed positive on March 20. "Patient 239" is a 71-year-old man in Vinh Phuc Province who came to Bach Mai for a check-up on March 11 and March 18. He was confirmed positive on April 4. Vietnam has had 265 Covid-19 cases so far but no deaths. The pandemic has claimed close to 120,000 lives and spread to 210 countries and territories.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/no-new-covid-19-cases-sunday-morning-4083388.html|&nbspApril 12, 2020 07:26 am GMT+7|No new Covid-19 cases Sunday morning|The Health Ministry reported no new Covid-19 infection Sunday morning, keeping the national tally at 258, 144 of whom have been discharged. In the past 24 hours, Vietnam had just one new Covid-19 patient, taking the number of active cases to 114. Most of the 258 Covid-19 infections recorded so far have been people entering the country from abroad. Of the total, 99 cases contracted the virus within the country. Of the currently active cases, 12 have tested Covid-19 negative twice and 13 have done so once. The total number of people who came to Vietnam from pandemic-hit countries and have been quarantined is 72,000. Of these, 1,200 are quarantined in hospitals, 18,000 are in quarantine centers and 54,000 at their homes. The Bach Mai Hospital in Hanoi, the nation’s top Covid-19 hotspot, ended its 14 days of quarantine at 12 a.m. Sunday. Hanoi still leads the nation in the number of Covid-19 infections with 121 cases, of which 58 have been discharged, followed by HCMC with 54 cases and 40 discharges. Speaking Friday at an online conference of the National Steering Committee tasked with battling the novel coronavirus, Deputy PM Vu Duc Dam said Vietnam got many things right about handling the Covid-19 crisis, but warned "the war is still ahead." The global death toll in the ongoing Covid-19 pandemic has reached more than 108,700 people.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/vietnam-begins-fourth-day-without-new-covid-19-patient-4091054.html|&nbspApril 28, 2020 06:38 am GMT+7|Vietnam begins fourth day without new Covid-19 patient|Tuesday morning marked the fourth straight day Vietnam stayed clear of new Covid-19 infections, keeping active cases at 48, including eight relapses. Of the active eight have tested negative once and six twice. Apart from eight relapsed patients under treatment, , a discharged British man whose samples tested positive as he left Vietnam has confirmed negative again in the U.K. Health experts have not been able to explain the relapses so far. For now, there is some speculation weak immune systems of the patients might have allowed the virus to flare up again. The National Institute of Hygiene and Epidemiology and the Pasteur Institute in Ho Chi Minh City are cultivating viruses from relapsed patients to further study the cause of the phenomenon. As of Tuesday morning, Vietnam had recorded 270 coronavirus patients and discharged 222. More than 45,000 people are being quarantined and medically monitored across the country, 323 in hospitals, more than 8,400 in isolation facilities and the rest at home. By last Friday morning, the country had gone eight straight days without a new infection, but that evening saw two new cases, both students returning from Japan. They were quarantined on arrival and are now under treatment in Hanoi. There have been no cases of community transmission in the country since April 16. The Covid-19 pandemic has spread to 210 countries and territories, with more than 211,200 deaths reported so far.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/life/culture/covid-19-pandemic-leaves-vietnamese-cinema-reeling-4081156.html|&nbspApril 12, 2020 09:09 pm GMT+7|Covid-19 pandemic leaves Vietnamese cinema reeling|As worldwide businesses shut to help contain the new coronavirus, Vietnam’s movie industry, especially its cinemas and producers, are left stranded. With the novel coronavirus threatening a global economic meltdown, here in Vietnam, cinema experts are expecting the worst. According to Nguyen Van Nhiem, chairman of Vietnam Film Distribution Association, without timely government support, Vietnamese cinemas and private film producers may face bankruptcy en masse, weakening the fledging local movie industry. Indeed, Nhiem recently told local media that since February, revenues in local film distribution had plummeted by up to 50 percent compared to the same period last year. Nhiem’s assessment reflects a wider picture of Vietnamese businesses in this time of crisis. According to a recent survey by the Private Economic Development Research Board of over 1,200 businesses, if the pandemic drags on for six month, as many as 74 percent may go bankrupt because their diminished revenues can’t cover salaries, bank interest, rent and other costs. In Vietnamese cinema, about 15 active private movie producers churn out 40 films a year on average. Since March 15, as movie theaters countrywide closed down, on-going film production has halted and movie premiers delayed, some until next year. Only two Vietnamese movies are still scheduled for screening in April. Meanwhile, six major releases expected to be blockbusters during the Lunar New Year (late January) or April 30/May 1 Independence Day seasons have been postponed for screening. These films include "Bi Mat Cua Gio" (Secrets of the Wind); "Chi Muoi Ba: Ba Ngay Sinh Tu" (Sister Thirteen: Three Deadly Days); "Trang Ti" (Dr. Ti); "Thanh Soi" (Pain Changes People); "Lat Mat 5" (Face Off); and "Tiec Trang Mau" (Bloody Moon Fest). Well-known actress Ngo Thanh Van’s production company Studio68 is particularly affected with both high-budget projects "Trang Ti" and "Thanh Soi" delayed. In Vietnam as elsewhere, movie producers say in postponing premiers, they incur big losses by wasting their initial marketing investment and probably having to publicize their movies all over again. For his part, director Tran Dung Thanh Huy doesn’t yet have a specific date for the release of his much anticipated award-winning "Rom" either. With considerable editing, to be screened here after being deemed too dark and pessimistic and then fined for having taken part in the 2019 Busan International Film Festival without permission. "Rom" went on to win Busan’s prestigious New Currents Award. Within the next six months, there will be a dire shortage of Vietnamese movies to screen, and those that can manage will have to compete with the return of foreign blockbusters. For years, Vietnamese movie businesses have been clamoring for more government support because of fierce foreign competition as well as their distinctively risky cultural products that need lots of investment yet don’t easily fetch money like other kinds of goods. For instance, in distribution and exhibition, state-owned and private Vietnamese cinemas including major players BHD and Galaxy account for only 30 percent of market share while robust foreign chains like South Korean CGV and Lotte dominate. Since the novel coronavirus struck, though local film theaters remain idle, executives say they still have to pay several billion dong (VND1 billion = $43,103) every month in rent and salaries etc., and may have to lay off staff if the situation drags on indefinitely. Local film associations and businesses are thus urging the government to reduce or postpone VAT payments, reduce employee insurance and personal income tax, and provide preferential interest rates. In a March meeting, Prime Minister Nguyen Xuan Phuc promised the government would provide selective financial support to businesses in heavily affected sectors.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/life/culture/covid-19-freezes-vietnamese-showbiz-4071661.html|&nbspMarch 20, 2020 09:00 am GMT+7|Covid-19 freezes Vietnamese showbiz|To prevent the novel coronavirus from spreading, many entertainment venues in Vietnam have been closed, activities cancelled, placing artists in abeyance. In HCMC, all cinemas and theaters, among other public venues, will be closed until the end of March. Representatives of cinema chains Galaxy, BHD and CGV have stated they would refund money, in cash or via online payment, to customers who have purchased advanced tickets. Besides its cinema complexes in HCMC, South Korean CGV has also closed its Hanoi multiplex at Trang Tien Plaza, plus four others in northern Quang Ninh Province. Since March 17, the National Cinema Center in Hanoi has also been closed. In affected localities throughout Vietnam such as Hanoi, Hue, HCMC and Binh Thuan Province, authorities have shut down vulnerable public spaces and suspended entertainment activities. Vietnam has recorded 85 Covid-19 cases across 15 cities and provinces, of these 69 have been confirmed since March 6 after the country going 22 days without a new infection. With public venues and activities curtailed, people working in entertainment are taking a hit. For the past week, cinema visits have dropped, dragging down domestic box office revenues. At one premiere screening of Hollywood action flick "Bloodshot" starring Vin Diesel on March 10, audience turnout was just a third of what could have been expected without the new coronavirus. Audience turnout at Hanoi’s National Cinema Center in the first two months of this year dropped by about 40 percent and revenues, by 37 percent compared to the same period last year. At BHD muliplexes, revenues had also plummeted by 50-90 percent. After "Bi Mat Cua Gio" (Secrets of the Wind), the first Vietnamese movie to be postponed for screening in February, two other local films, "Chi Muoi Ba: Ba Ngay Sinh Tu" (Sister Thirteen: Three Deadly Days) and "Trang Ti" (Dr. Ti), have also been pulled from cinemas. With the exception of "Gai Gia Lam Chieu 3" (The Royal Bride), Vietnamese movies released during the Lunar New Year holiday ( ) in late January also recorded modest revenues, unable to hit new box office heights as typical for this season. Worldwide, the movie industry is estimated to have lost at least $5 billion due to the Covid-19 outbreak. In China, South Korea, Italy and India, cinemas have been closed and many entertainment events cancelled. Global screenings of American blockbusters like "Fast & Furious 9", "Mulan", "A Quiet Place 2" and "No Time to Die" have all been rescheduled. In Vietnam, the theater business isn’t doing any better. According to actor Thanh Loc from Idecaf Stage, the only drama troupe in HCMC still operational as of March 14, his venue closed down too, cancelling two plays, "Ac Nhan Coc" (The Cave of Evil) and "Muu Ba Tu" (Madam Tu’s Scheme) scheduled for March 15. For Vietnamese artists, the novel coronavirus has taken a toll since . "I’ve never seen such a meager turnout," singer Thanh Duy recently told local media while referring to two programs he took part in. Though rigidly-scheduled contracted programs such as TV game shows still proceed as usual, many artists say music shows and plays have been either cancelled or re-scheduled. Singer Thanh Duy, actress Cat Tuong and MC Quoc Binh say that basically, they haven’t been working since . For his part, singer Dan Truong had 12 shows cancelled in February, singer Erik had eight shows cancelled, and singer Bich Phuong had to delay her first live concert ever, scheduled for February 22. For the past month, singer Quang Ha has had 21 shows cancelled, and bolero diva Le Quyen has also cancelled all of her March shows in the U.S. According to singer Viet Tu, his income this season had dropped by as much as 90 percent compared to previous years. Artist Hoai Anh, director of a cultural event organizer, told local media since , her company had ditched about 30 shows, losing tens of billions of dong (VND10 billion = $427,000). Despite their willingness to slow down activities to help prevent the new coronavirus spread, many Vietnamese artists can’t help feeling sad and frustrated. Vietnamese American artists such as southern folk opera singer Ngoc Huyen laments via her Facebook page how she missed rehearsing and prays for the outbreak to end. For her part, singer Minh Tuyet writes that never before had she felt so nervous. If the show-less situation dragged on for the next several months, Minh Tuyet says she may have to sing at home and open a YouTube channel to earn her daily bread. Here in Vietnam, singer Tuan Hung has also thought about performing online, posting a survey to ask if people are willing to pay a small fee to listen to his live streams. In a half-joking gesture, MC Quyen Linh, dubbed "Vietnam’s richest MC", has even turned to selling cleaning products like hand and dish washing liquid online. Other artists have found more simple ways to fill up their time. Some have opted to stay indoors and record songs and shoot MVs to prepare for new releases when the outbreak subsides. Others see these days as an opportunity to spend time on themselves and their families. Singer Thanh Duy for instance plans to carry out the personal plans he couldn’t execute earlier because of a hectic schedule. Singer Nguyen Ngoc Anh finds joy in taking care of her two daughters, and singer Pham Phuong Thao, her orchard in the suburbs.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/vietnam-confirms-four-new-covid-19-cases-4082207.html|&nbspApril 9, 2020 06:13 pm GMT+7|Vietnam confirms four new Covid-19 cases|Four new Covid-19 cases, three of them having contact with other patients, have taken Vietnam’s tally to 255 as of Thursday evening. The Covid-19 pandemic has spread to 209 countries and territories, claiming over 89,400 lives.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/hcmc-discharges-two-more-covid-19-patients-4082029.html|&nbspApril 9, 2020 02:00 pm GMT+7|HCMC discharges two more Covid-19 patients|Two Vietnamese Covid-19 patients have been discharged from HCMC’s Can Gio Covid-19 Treatment Hospital, raising the number of discharges to 128 in Vietnam. HCMC alone has discharged 33 patients. The two discharged are women who were quarantined after returning from abroad. They left the Can Gio facility Thursday morning and will be monitored at home for 14 days, said hospital representative Le Manh Hung. "Patient 203" is a 35-year-old Vietnamese woman who landed in HCMC on March 17, flying in from Greece and transiting in Turkey. She was asymptomatic and sent to a quarantine facility in Nha Be District upon arrival before testing positive on March 27. "Patient 234," 69, is from Buon Don District in the Central Highlands province of Dak Lak, flying from Paris to HCMC on March 18. She was quarantined on arrival, and her first test result was negative. On March 30, a second test showed she was infected with the Covid-19 virus. With 600 beds, the Covid-19 Treatment Hospital in Can Gio is about 50 kilometers (31 miles) southeast of downtown HCMC. With the latest updates, Vietnam now has 128 of 251 cases discharged. The Covid-19 pandemic has so far claimed 88,500 lives as it hit 209 countries and territories.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/no-new-covid-19-cases-saturday-morning-4083010.html|&nbspApril 11, 2020 06:44 am GMT+7|No new Covid-19 cases Saturday morning|The number of active Covid-19 cases stood unchanged from Friday evening at 113, the Health Ministry said early Saturday.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/life/culture/composer-of-vietnamese-covid-19-song-scrapes-onto-billboard-4091395.html|&nbspApril 28, 2020 04:32 pm GMT+7|Composer of Vietnamese Covid-19 song scrapes onto Billboard|Khac Hung made an appearance on the American entertainment news website after his 'hand washing song' became a surprise global hit.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/life/trend/returnees-close-encounter-with-covid-19-in-thailand-4090581.html|&nbspApril 27, 2020 02:51 pm GMT+7|Returnees’ close encounter with Covid-19 in Thailand|Employees of a bar in Thailand who returned to their native Vietnam were worried sick after colleagues were diagnosed with Covid-19.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/hcmc-discharges-four-more-covid-19-patients-4081473.html|&nbspApril 8, 2020 01:36 pm GMT+7|HCMC discharges four more Covid-19 patients|Three women and one man in HCMC were discharged from hospitals Wednesday after recovering from their coronavirus infection.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/sports/covid-19-hits-asean-basketball-4070491.html|&nbspMarch 17, 2020 04:13 pm GMT+7|Covid-19 hits ASEAN basketball|ASEAN Basketball League (ABL) will suspend the 2019-2020 season indefinitely to help contain the novel coronavirus. The decision to postpone the season, featuring over 50 matches, was made to protect the well-being of players and spectators after Covid-19 was designated a pandemic. The league had first tried to reschedule games, but faced many travel restrictions, restrictive quarantine requirements, and opposition from government institutions. The association stated it was exploring other options in order to placate its loyal fan base. Saigon Heat’s away game against Kuala Lumpur Dragons on March 20 falls among matches to be suspended. The ABL 10 season commenced on November 16, 2019 with 10 teams participating - Vietnam's Saigon Heat, Malaysia's Kuala Lumpur Dragons, Singapore Slingers, Hong Kong Eastern, Taiwan's Formosa Dreamers, the Philippines' San Miguel Alab Pilipinas, Thailand's Mono Vampire, Macau Black Bears, Macau's Wolf Warriors and a new face, Taipei's Fubon Braves. Saigon Heat, having made the tournament semifinals thrice, did not have a strong start to the season, placed 10th after winning only three of 14 games. The team was defeated by 79-99 in an away match against San Miguel Alab Pilipinas on February 23.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/vietnam-sees-off-monday-with-no-new-covid-19-case-4091020.html|&nbspApril 27, 2020 06:33 pm GMT+7|Vietnam sees off Monday with no new Covid-19 case|Vietnam has ended its third consecutive day clear of new infections, keeping the number of active Covid-19 cases at 48. The 48 active patients include eight relapse cases. - two in Ho Chi Minh City and one in the northern province of Phu Tho. All the relapsed patients are being monitored at different hospitals in the country. Of the 48, eight have tested negative once and six twice. The eight relapses exclude one patient, a Brit who has left Vietnam and was confirmed negative in the U.K. Three of the eight relapsed patients tested negative again Monday, including two in the northern province of Quang Ninh and one in the central province of Binh Thuan. All three were in stable health, doctors said. While there is no definitive answer yet on why the relapses are occurring, Nguyen Trong Dien, Director of Quang Ninh's Health Department said: "It's possible that the patients' immune system has weakend, causing the virus to flare up again because there is still no specific medicine to treat the novel coronavirus." Doctor Nguyen Thanh Binh, deputy head of the general planning department at the National Hospital for Tropical Diseases in Hanoi, said doctors have only confirmed that the patients have tested positive again but there was not enough evidence to confirm they have been reinfected. The National Institute of Hygiene and Epidemiology and the Pasteur Institute in Ho Chi Minh City are cultivating viruses from relapsed patients to further study the cause of the phenomenon. Vietnam have recorded 270 coronavirus patients so far, of whom 222 have been discharged from hospitals. By last Friday morning, the country had gone eight straight days without a new infection, but the evening saw two new cases, both students returning from Japan. They were quarantined on arrival and are now under treatment in Hanoi. There have been no cases of community transmission since April 16. The country has 52,000 people in quarantine at present - 323 in hospitals, 11,000 in quarantine facilities and the rest at home. The Covid-19 pandemic has spread to 210 countries and territories, with almost 207,391 deaths reported so far.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/vietnam-sees-no-new-covid-19-infections-sunday-morning-4090231.html|&nbspApril 26, 2020 06:19 am GMT+7|Vietnam sees no new Covid-19 infections Sunday morning|The Health Ministry confirmed no fresh Covid-19 cases Sunday morning, keeping the nation’s tally of active infections at 45. The latest announcement means Vietnam has gone 36 hours without a new case. Of the country's 270 patients, 230 have been discharged from hospitals, but five among them have relapsed. The 45 active infections include the relapse cases. As of last Friday morning, Vietnam had gone eight straight days clear of new infections, but the evening saw - both students who returned from Japan. They were quarantined on arrival and are now under treatment in Hanoi. The nation has had five relapses. The relapse cases are being monitored at different hospitals. The Central Institute of Hygiene and Epidemiology and Ho Chi Minh City Pasteur Institute have cultured the virus taken from them to try and find the cause of the relapse. Deputy Health Minister Nguyen Thanh Long said Saturday that while Vietnam has had very few new cases, there could be unrecorded people carrying the virus as infection cases that have no clinical symptoms are easy to be ignored during screening. The Covid-19 pandemic has reached 210 countries and territories with a reported death toll of almost 203,000.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/vietnamese-in-moscow-hit-hard-by-covid-19-outbreak-4095174.html|&nbspMay 7, 2020 12:15 pm GMT+7|Vietnamese in Moscow hit hard by Covid-19 outbreak|Many Vietnamese living in Moscow have a difficult life made worse by pandemic lockdown, and many have contracted Covid-19 due to crowded conditions. Minh Thuy set up a business in Moscow using family loans a few years ago. Since the Russian government imposed a lockdown on March 28, the World Trade Center Moscow, one of the largest commercial complexes in the country, has been closed, leaving many traders including Vietnamese citizens like Thuy, 43, without a livelihood. "We came home for the Lunar New Year festival, and as soon as we returned to Russia in mid-February the Covid-19 broke out," she says. "In recent years the Russian economy has worsened, my business has not been good, and now with the epidemic, it has become more difficult." They have stocked food for two weeks and almost never go out for fear of getting infected. In recent days Russia has reported over 10,000 new cases daily taking its tally so far to almost 166,000. Moscow is the epicenter of the outbreak. With her infant and diabetic, Thuy feels as if she is sitting on fire. "Hospitals are overloaded. If we unfortunately get infected then it’s really dangerous." Vietnamese in Russia have been worried ever since the first of them fell prey to the disease in Moscow in late March. Working in crowded markets, many face the risk of contracting Covid-19. But they are not equipped to protect themselves since most do not know Russian or the local medical system and lack health insurance and access to information. A voluntary group called Supporting Vietnamese in Russia, which offers translation and other assistance to Vietnamese expats, said the community experienced the biggest outbreaks in the first two weeks of April. "Our 60 volunteers divided themselves up so that there would always be someone available to help people 24/24, but in reality many have worked all day because the number of people calling the hotline for help was too big," Van Anh, a member, said. The group registers people at clinics close to their residence so that they can go for a checkup if they have symptoms. The group also summons ambulances and interprets when needed. In case someone is admitted to hospital, the volunteers stay by their side until they are discharged. Chung Le, another volunteer, said most Vietnamese expats are low-income earners and often live in groups of up to 10, crowded conditions that serve as a breeding ground for infection. "Last month, when there were not that many cases in Russia, it was easy to call an ambulance. But now sometimes we have to wait for 12 hours for an ambulance to take a patient to hospital. Sometimes, even after they reach the hospital, they have to wait for three or four hours to get a bed because there are too many patients," Le said. In the last few weeks she has been cooking for a Vietnamese man who is critically ill with Covid-19 and sending food to him in hospital. While the man has been on a ventilator for almost a month, eight members of his family also contracted the disease. But of all the people Le has helped, the story of Nguyet, a single mother in her late 50s who lives hand-to-mouth, touches her the most. "In early April Nguyet called our hotline and said she developed high fever and had breathing difficulty. But she insisted on not calling an ambulance because she was worried about leaving her mentally ill son alone at home." Nguyet had a history of cancer and high blood pressure, and within days her condition worsened. Finally she agreed to let Le take her to a hospital. 10 days later Nguyet’s fever was gone and she could breathe normally, and she was discharged. Her son was also infected but his case was not serious, and so the group got a local doctor to treat him at home. Le and her group and many others have donated money, rice and food to help Nguyet get back on her feet. There are 80,000-100,000 Vietnamese currently living in Russia. According to the Steering Committee for Covid-19 Prevention and Control at the Vietnamese Embassy in Moscow, as of April 15 around 100 Vietnamese in Russia had been hospitalized with pneumonia. At least 80 people in Moscow said to have tested positive with the novel coronavirus. Le and her group have seen their workload reduce significantly after the embassy set a group comprising medical students and a "Russian Federal Anti-epidemic Network" besides providing direct consultations from doctors in Vietnam. A fund established to support those affected by Covid-19 has received lots of donations. Families who unfortunately lose a member to Covid-19 receive $700 for arranging the funeral. The embassy announced that Vietnam Airlines would repatriate 200 Vietnamese nationals on May 12, including children, older people, those with underlying conditions, and students without a place to stay in Russia. Thuy and her family are listed to go home on this trip since they have an infant. She quickly borrowed $1,300 from her family to pay the airfares. "The money I borrowed to come to Russia has not been repaid yet, but now I just want to go back home, wait for the disease to end, and then return though I do not know what my business would be like. This is a common concern among Vietnamese in Russia." She has agreed to carry the ashes of a compatriot who died of Covid-19 to their common hometown, Hai Phong in northern Vietnam. Many people who lost loved ones to the disease go to the volunteer group’s Facebook page to find people who can take their ashes to Vietnam. Thuy said: "All are away from home and they experienced something unfortunate. Anyone would do this for them." Meanwhile, those who remain in Moscow trust authorities will contain the outbreak soon. Van Anh said everyone receives free Covid-19 treatment in Russia. If someone is suspected of being infected, all members of their family are closely monitored and tested at home by health officials. They are also placed in mandatory quarantine and given treatment if necessary. "With the construction of field hospitals to be finished soon, I believe the city will control the situation in a short time," Anh said.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/who-approves-made-in-vietnam-covid-19-test-kit-4090402.html|&nbspApril 26, 2020 05:24 pm GMT+7|WHO approves made-in-Vietnam Covid-19 test kit|Made-in-Vietnam Covid-19 test kits have been recognized by the Emergency Use Listing procedure (EUL) of the World Health Organization. The "LightPoweriVA SARS-CoV-2 kit 1st RT-rPCR Kit" produced by Viet A Technologies Joint Stock Company has been granted EUL code 0524-210-00 by WHO, the company said Sunday. The EUL procedure was established to expedite availability of diagnostics needed in public health emergencies. It helps procurement agencies and countries navigate the large presence of different devices on the market and access quality products. The kits, which use reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR), can detect the new coronavirus in droplets obtained from the respiratory tract and blood. They provide results faster and are easier to use than those used by the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and WHO, according to Vietnam's Ministry of Science and Technology. They were developed successfully by the Vietnam Military Medical University and Viet A Company with funding from the science ministry. The test kits were licensed by the Ministry of Health and put into mass production in Vietnam in early last month. A kit is good for 50 tests. Phan Quoc Viet, General Director of Viet A, told that having WHO’s approval will make it easier for the products to be exported to other countries. He said organizations such as the World Bank and the global organization Clinton Health Access (CHAI) will enlist Vietnam’s test kits in their Covid-19 supporting programs. Last Tuesday, Vietnamese Covid-19 test kits also received CE certification and a Certificate of Free Sale from the U.K., which allows them to be sold in Europe. "After being licensed by the UK Department of Health and Social Care, the Covid-19 test kit made by Viet A has been exclusively ordered by a distribution partner for distribution in the U.K., the U.S., India, Mexico and some countries in Europe to the tune of 1 million tests a month," Viet said. The quality of Vietnam’s test kits have been evaluated to be on par with that of WHO kit and the US Center for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), but they also offer other advantages including their specificity, stability, and adaptability with multiple types of testing equipment. The current price of a test kit is VND400,000-600,000 ($17-26). The kit is prepared in solution form to examine samples like nasopharynx, pleural fluid and blood. The results arrive in about an hour, excluding time spent on sample processing and extraction. Last month around 20 countries and territories were negotiating purchase of the kits from Vietnam. Viet A is set to export its products to Iran, Finland, Malaysia and Ukraine first, Viet had said, but further information about deals struck were not said at the time. As of Sunday morning, Vietnam had conducted 212,142 tests. Of the country’s 270 Covid-19 patients, 230 have been discharged from the hospital.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/sports/football/vietnamese-football-joins-covid-19-fight-4081335.html|&nbspApril 9, 2020 08:00 pm GMT+7|Vietnamese football joins Covid-19 fight|Many clubs, coaches and players have stepped up and contributed to the nation's fight against the Covid-19 pandemic. Hanoi FC has been one of the most active clubs in supporting the Covid-19 fight. The club has donated VND1 billion ($42,400) to the National Hospital of Tropical Diseases and VND500 million ($21,200) to the National Institute Of Hygiene and Epidemiology, both in Hanoi. The club's players like Pham Duc Huy, Do Duy Manh, Truong Van Thai Quy and Do Hung Dung have also donated money to the Vietnam Fatherland Front Committee (VFFC). All the money will be used to buy essential medical equipment and to aid quarantine and treatment facilities throughout the country. HCMC FC has given VND360 million ($15,333) to the VFFC in Ho Chi Minh City. This money has been contributed by all players in the club. HAGL forward Nguyen Van Toan has called on others to join him in supporting the country at this time. He and his friends, including HCMC FC striker Nguyen Cong Phuong, have donated a total of VND151 million ($6,400) to the VFFC. Toan’s action has been followed by other footballers, with national team players like Que Ngoc Hai and Bui Tien Dung making monetary contributions. Players like Nguyen Anh Duc and Nguyen Tien Linh have donated both money and thousands of face masks. Footballers have also used their influence on social media platforms to spread positive messages, raise awareness and ask people to stay at home to prevent the novel coronavirus from spreading. Messages like "Let’s go Vietnam! Let’s defeat Covid-19 together", "Vietnam will beat this pandemic", "Vietnam fighting!" and "We can do it" have been well received by the fans. Hanoi FC captain Nguyen Van Quyet has raised VND118 million ($5,000) – VND68 million from his friends and fans and VND50 million from auctioning the jersey he played in at the AFF Cup 2018, which Vietnam won. The jersey has the autograph of all members of the national football team. Quyet said that the money will be used to buy surgical masks, protection gear and other necessities for Bach Mai Hospital, the country's largest Covid-19 hotspot. The 28-year-old forward also donated 100 face masks and 100 protection suits to the hospital on his own. Vietnam head coach Park Hang-seo has also been active in supporting the country, donating $5,000 to the VFFC in March. "At the moment, Vietnam and the whole world are fighting against this coronavirus night and day. I want to give a small contribution and hope it would partly help people affected by the virus and those whose daily income has suffered. Together we can end this pandemic," he said in a statement. Early this month, Park and the South Korea Ambassador in Vietnam Park Noh Wan, along with representatives of several enterprises in South Korea, donated $100,000 to the VFFC. Park also took part in the "Wash your hands" challenge started by VFF to guide people on how to wash hands properly as a preventive measure against the virus. The most recent action by the Vietnamese football community has been a campaign called "Thank you," to appreciate the non-stop work being done by doctors and other medical workers to tackle the pandemic. Famous footballers, male and female, have also propagated the social distancing campaign in Vietnam. They have posted their photos holding up #Thankyou signs on social media and called for people of all ages to support the medical workers by donating money and staying at home. Vietnam has recorded 251 Covid-19 patients so far, of whom 122 have been cured, including 27 on Tuesday. Worldwide, upwards of 1.4 million people have been infected with the novel coronavirus and the death toll has risen to more than 82,000.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/no-new-covid-19-case-tuesday-morning-4080335.html|&nbspApril 7, 2020 06:51 am GMT+7|No new Covid-19 case Tuesday morning|The Health Ministry reported no new novel coronavirus infections Tuesday morning, keeping the national count at 245.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/business/data-speaks/five-million-vietnamese-workers-lose-jobs-to-covid-19-4089701.html|&nbspApril 24, 2020 04:29 pm GMT+7|Five million Vietnamese workers lose jobs to Covid-19|The Covid-19 pandemic has cost nearly five million Vietnamese workers their jobs as of mid-April, bringing Q1 employment figures to a 10-year low. Processing and manufacturing industries were most heavily impacted with 1.2 million jobs affected; followed by wholesale and retail, 1.1 million; plus accommodation and catering services, 740,000, according to General Statistics Office (GSO).
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/perspectives/staying-covid-19-positive-a-pandemic-task-4079121.html||Staying Covid-19 positive a pandemic task|Contracting Covid-19 does not always mean death, and if we in Vietnam remain patient, we can beat the disease.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/lung-transplant-not-yet-a-must-for-british-covid-19-patient-4097856.html|&nbspMay 11, 2020 08:55 pm GMT+7|Lung transplant not yet a must for British Covid-19 patient|Experts said Monday the lungs of a 43-year-old British Covid-19 patient have not been damaged to the extent of needing a transplant. Dr Nguyen Van Vinh Chau, director of the Hospital for Tropical Diseases in Ho Chi Minh City, said that while it cannot be said at the moment that the patient’s lung functions can be recovered, it has not reached the point of requiring a transplant. The hospital continues to treat the patient and conduct tests and necessary procedures to prepare for lung transplant if and when needed, he said. The patient, a Vietnam Airlines pilot, tested negative for the coronavirus Monday. He has been on a ventilator for 16 days and put on a life support machine called Extracorporeal membrane oxygenation (ECMO), which involves pumping blood out of the body to a heart-lung machine that removes carbon dioxide and sends oxygen-filled blood back, for 36 days. The Health Ministry and experts from five major hospitals in the country said at a meeting Sunday that the patient cannot be given a lung transplant yet due to severe infection. The transplant also depends on the source of the organ and compatibility between the donor and the recipient. "If eligible for the lung transplant, the patient will be transferred to the Cho Ray Hospital (in HCMC)," doctor Chau said. Last week, the health ministry had said a lung transplant was being considered for the British patient, Vietnam’s most severe Covid-19 case. He was confirmed positive on March 18. The patient's condition worsened despite his young age. Doctors said he suffers from a blood clotting disorder and cytokine storm syndrome, an intense immune response where the immune system releases a lot of cytokines through the bloodstream, which works against the body. His body has been resistant to all types of domestic coagulant drugs and the health ministry has had to purchase drugs overseas for his treatment. His lungs are condensed and test results for Covid-19 have come out both negative and positive multiple times. The Vietnam Airlines pilot was the first case of a cluster – the Buddha Bar and Grill in District 2 – which turned out to be HCMC’s biggest Covid-19 hotspot with 19 cases. Vietnam recorded no new coronavirus cases Monday evening. The country has gone through 25 days without any infection caused by community transmission. Its Covid-19 tally has stood at 288 since last Thursday. Of these, 39 are active cases as 249 patients have recovered. Among those still under treatment, 14 have tested negative at least twice and six once. No dealths have been recorded.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/vietnam-records-no-new-covid-19-cases-saturday-evening-4090158.html|&nbspApril 25, 2020 06:27 pm GMT+7|Vietnam records no new Covid-19 cases Saturday evening|The Health Ministry confirmed no new coronavirus cases Saturday evening, keeping the national count of active patients at 45. Of Vietnam's 270 patients, 230 have been discharged from hospitals. The 45 active infections include five relapse cases. Nearly 55,000 people are quarantined in the country – 280 in hospitals specialized for Covid-19 treatment, over 7,000 at centralized facilities and the rest at home. No fresh cases were reported Saturday morning. As of last Friday morning, Vietnam had gone eight straight days clear of new infections, but the evening saw - both students studying in Japan who returned to the Van Don Airport in Quang Ninh on April 22. They were quarantined on arrival and are now under treatment at the National Hospital of Tropical Diseases in Hanoi. Deputy Health Minister Nguyen Thanh Long said at a meeting Saturday he was concerned that if a second Covid-19 wave hits the country, Vietnam's healthcare system will face many difficulties. He said that while Vietnam has had very few new cases, there could be unrecorded people carrying the virus. Many recorded infection cases had no clinical symptoms, he noted, adding: "These cases are easy to be ignored during screening." "We are worried about the risks of a second Covid-19 wave like those in Japan, South Korea, and Singapore which have arisen within the communities without being noticed until they spread on a large scale." Vietnam has been organizing special flights to repatriate thousands of its stranded citizens abroad amid worldwide travel restrictions. In , Prime Minister Nguyen Xuan Phuc ordered localities to stop all religious gatherings, sports events and crowded festivals in public places, as also other "unnecessary" events. He also extended the shutdown of "non-essential" businesses like bars, karaoke parlors, massage parlors, beauty clinics and entertainment facilities. The Covid-19 pandemic has reached 210 countries and territories with a reported death toll of almost 197,000.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/vietnam-donates-50-000-to-who-for-covid-19-fight-4089975.html|&nbspApril 25, 2020 09:49 am GMT+7|Vietnam donates $50,000 to WHO for Covid-19 fight|Vietnam has handed over $50,000 to the World Health Organization's (WHO) Covid-19 Solidarity Response Fund to support its fight against the Covid-19 pandemic. Deputy Foreign Minister Le Hoai Trung made a symbolic handover Friday of the donation to Kidong Park, WHO’s representative in Vietnam , the Foreign Ministry said. "This contribution from Vietnam aims to mitigate the negative impacts of the global pandemic," the ministry statement said. Trung thanked the WHO and other United Nations agencies for their support and assistance to the Covid-19 fight in Vietnam, contributing to further deepening the Vietnam-U.N. partnership of the past four decades. Though Vietnam has itself been negatively impacted in many ways by the pandemic, the government has decided to contribute $50,000 to the WHO fund as part of efforts to help mitigate consequences of the global crisis, Trung said. Park congratulated Vietnam on successful control of the Covid-19 virus, as evidenced by its recovery rate of more than 80 percent. Takeshi Kasai, WHO Western Pacific director, had said at a recent regular briefing that Vietnam is staying on top of its coronavirus infection fight as a result of strong leadership by the government and cooperation among its people in helping to contain the spread of the pandemic. Discipline among its public in following social distancing rules to reduce infections has also helped, Kasai said. Vietnam has reported no deaths and just 270 cases of the coronavirus, far fewer than most countries in Southeast Asia and the rest of the world. Of the 270 patients, 225 have been discharged from hospitals. The Covid-19 pandemic has reached 210 countries and territories with almost 197,000 reported deaths. Vietnam has donated over a million antibacterial masks and other medical supplies to countries worst-hit by the Covid-19 pandemic, including Cambodia, China, France, Germany, Indonesia, Italy, Laos, Japan, Russia, Spain, Sweden, the U.K. and the U.S.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/vietnam-reports-no-new-covid-19-patient-4079673.html|&nbspApril 5, 2020 06:58 am GMT+7|Vietnam reports no new Covid-19 patient|Vietnam has not recorded new coronavirus infections Sunday morning, keeping the country’s tally at 240, the Health Ministry said. On March 6, Hanoian Nguyen Hong Nhung was confirmed Covid-19 positive after returning from Europe. Before that Vietnam had gone 22 days without recording a new infection. However, since then, new infections have been recorded every day. On Saturday, the health ministry confirmed just three new infections - a 17-year-old girl from Ha Tinh and a 29-year-old woman from Bac Giang Province, both returning from Thailand, and another person related to Hanoi’s Bach Mai Hospital. Vietnam had recorded 19 new Covid-19 infections on March 22, , marking the highest number in a single day. Of the current 240 Covid-19 cases, 90 have been discharged and 150 are active. As many as 149 cases are Vietnamese nationals returning from abroad, mostly Europe and the U.S., and more than 60 people are related to the Bach Mai Hospital in Hanoi and Buddha Bar & Grill in Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam's biggest Covid-19 hotspots. The country entered a 15-day nationwide social distancing campaign starting Wednesday, not allowing gatherings of more than two people and asking people not to leave their homes to contain the spread of the pandemic. The step was taken citing a crucial two-week period in the nation’s Covid-19 fight. The government also suspended all inbound international flights and halted road transport services until April 15 to limit travel in the country of 94 million people. The Covid-19 pandemic has so far spread to more than 200 countries and territories, claiming more than 64,000 lives.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/business/industries/covid-19-impact-hcmc-apartment-sales-plummets-4078068.html|&nbspApril 3, 2020 09:16 am GMT+7|Covid-19 impact: HCMC apartment sales plummets|Q1 apartment sales in HCMC dropped by over 50 percent year-on-year as the novel coronavirus pandemic dampened the market. Just 54 percent of available units, 1,980, were sold, the lowest ratio since Q2 2017, according to a recent report by real estate market research firm JLL. Most of the sold units were Grade B and Grade C apartments in projects which had opened for sales before the outbreak reached Vietnam. New supply fell to the lowest since 2014 at 2,256 units. Most promotion events were suspended over the outbreak, now declared a national epidemic. JLL had estimated 20,000-30,000 units to enter the HCMC market this year, but this could fall further. Another report by Vietnam Association of Realtors (VARS) showed that 11 apartment projects came online in Q1 in HCMC, down eight projects from Q4 last year. These projects contributed 5,500 units, a third of last year’s Q4 figure in Q4 last year. Tran Minh Hoang, Deputy Secretary of VARS, said that Vietnam’s real estate sector was caught in a challenging situation that will only improve when the disease is contained.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/business/industries/hcmc-serviced-apartments-suffer-covid-19-induced-slump-4089193.html|&nbspApril 25, 2020 08:31 am GMT+7|HCMC serviced apartments suffer Covid-19 induced slump|The HCMC serviced apartments market saw Q1 average occupancy drop 17 percent year-on-year due to travel restrictions related to the Covid-19 pandemic. First quarter occupancy was 66 percent, and average prices fell 2 percent to $24 per square meter per month, ending the rising trend in recent years, according to a recent report by real estate service firm Savills. In February, some landlords stopped short-term leases to limit the spread of the virus. As the government limited travel and restricted immigration, many prospective tenants canceled their bookings in March, resulting in an occupancy rate of less than 50 percent in most complexes. Vietnam stopped issuing new working permits for foreign workers in March. Of around 68,000 foreign workers in Vietnam, 37 percent had not returned to the country as of March due to the travel restrictions in place. "Serviced apartment performance is highly correlated to foreign direct investment. With borders closed and many expatriates at home, short term performance is suffering," said Troy Griffiths, deputy managing director of Savills Vietnam. Savills forecasts demand will continue to fall in all serviced apartment segments in upcoming months with the pandemic still going strong in many countries.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/business/prioritizing-workers-well-being-a-sound-business-strategy-in-covid-19-times-4097990.html|&nbspMay 12, 2020 09:20 am GMT+7|Prioritizing workers' well-being a sound business strategy in Covid-19 times|Beverage maker Tan Hiep Phat decided employment and employee protection would be prioritized over business strategy and it’s worked, says Deputy CEO Tran Uyen Phuong.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/southern-vietnam-province-discharges-sole-covid-19-patient-4089683.html|&nbspApril 24, 2020 03:01 pm GMT+7|Southern Vietnam province discharges sole Covid-19 patient|The only Covid-19 patient in Dong Nai, who had come into close contact with two others related to a Saigon infection hotspot, was discharged Friday. Vietnam now has 43 active Covid-19 cases left out of a total of 268 infections. "Patient 247" is a 28-year-old man from Saigon’s Binh Thanh District. He works at a shoe factory in Dong Nai that neighbors Saigon. He was in close contact with two Brazilian colleagues who contracted the virus after going to Saigon’s Buddha Bar & Grill, a major outbreak site linked to 19 cases. He was confirmed positive on April 7. He was discharged from the Dong Nai Lung Hospital after testing negative twice consecutively. Dong Nai Province now has no Covid-19 patient left. Vietnam has recorded no new Covid-19 infection in the last eight days. It has discharged 225 patients in total. The Covid-19 pandemic has spread to 210 countries and territories, with more than 191,000 deaths reported so far.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/man-jailed-for-posting-false-news-on-covid-19-death-4088977.html|&nbspApril 23, 2020 05:00 pm GMT+7|Man jailed for posting false news on Covid-19 death|A Thai Nguyen Province court has sentenced a local man to six months in jail for making false claims about a Covid-19 death on Facebook. Pham Van Hai, 31, was found guilty of "illegally posting or using information on computer networks and telecommunication networks," an offense that carries a jail term of up to seven years. Last year, after breaking up with his girlfriend, Hai took over her Facebook account. On April 10 this year in the account he posted that Thai Nguyen had had a Covid-19 death but the government had concealed it. When many of his friends asked about it, he claimed this was "true" and the dead person was a 27-year-old man. He received hundreds of likes and shares, and sparked fear among local people. Since the pandemic broke out in late January, authorities have slapped fines of up to 15 million ($427- 641) on hundreds of individuals for posting fake news. At a meeting earlier this month Prime Minister Nguyen Xuan Phuc ordered stricter penalties for those posting fake news on Covid-19. Now authorities are resorting to criminal charges with attendant . Two men in the central provinces of Nghe An and Lam Dong also face criminal charges for making false claims on social media about Covid-19 deaths in Vietnam and a government cover-up. Vietnam has recorded 268 Covid-19 cases, 44 of them active, and there have been no deaths.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/vietnam-enters-day-eight-without-new-covid-19-case-4089339.html|&nbspApril 24, 2020 06:35 am GMT+7|Vietnam enters day eight without new Covid-19 case|Vietnam has kept its Covid-19 infection tally unchanged for eight straight days, with the Health Ministry reporting no fresh case Friday morning. Of the national count of 268, 44 patients are under treatment and the remaining 224 have been discharged from hospitals, including one in HCMC on Thursday. Among the active patients, 15 have tested negative once or twice. Nearly 69,000 people are still quarantined in Vietnam, including 352 in hospitals, 18,000 in centralized camps, and the rest at home. The Covid-19 pandemic has spread to 210 countries and territories, with nearly 190,500 deaths reported so far.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/two-students-returning-from-japan-test-positive-for-covid-19-4089834.html|&nbspApril 24, 2020 07:14 pm GMT+7|Two students returning from Japan test positive for Covid-19|After going eight days without a new Covid-19 case, Vietnam reported two on Friday evening, taking its tally of active infections to 45. They are both students studying in Japan who returned to Van Don Airport in the northern province of Quang Ninh April 22 on Vietnam Airlines flight VN311. The two were sent to quarantine in the Thai Binh Province military school upon arrival. One of the patients is a man, 23, from northern province Bac Giang’s Viet Yen District, and the other is a 22-year-old woman from the same province’s Yen Dung District. The Disease Control Center of northern Thai Binh Province took all passengers’ samples for Covid-19 tests, and the two were found positive. They are currently being treated at the National Hospital of Tropical Diseases in Hanoi. Meanwhile, "Patient 137" tested positive for Covid-19 again, becoming the third case of relapse in Vietnam. The only Covid-19 patient in the southern province of Dong Nai, who had come into close contact with two others related to a Saigon infection hotspot, was discharged Friday. Vietnam now has 45 active Covid-19 cases left out of a total of 270 infections. Nearly 69,000 people are still in quarantine, 352 in hospitals, 18,000 in public camps and the rest at home. The Covid-19 pandemic has spread to 210 countries and territories, and claimed more than 191,000 lives.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/perspectives/covid-19-how-uk-and-vietnam-can-help-each-other-reach-a-new-normal-4096244.html|&nbspMay 10, 2020 07:06 am GMT+7|Covid-19: How UK and Vietnam can help each other reach a new normal|A year ago, I visited the Hospital for Tropical Diseases in HCMC. I talked to the doctors about measles, typhoid and dengue fever. I did not think to mention respiratory diseases.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/vietnam-gifts-100-000-covid-19-masks-to-india-4088494.html|&nbspApril 22, 2020 07:46 pm GMT+7|Vietnam gifts 100,000 Covid-19 masks to India|Vietnam-Indian Friendship Association (VIFA) on Tuesday presented 100,000 antibacterial cloth masks to India to assist the South Asian nation’s Covid-19 fight. Minister of Information and Communications Nguyen Manh Hung, who also chairs the association, handed over the made-in-Vietnam masks in a symbolic gesture to Indian Ambassador to Vietnam Pranay Verma. The Covid-19 pandemic is one of the biggest challenges humankind has faced over the last 100 years, he said, noting Vietnam and India can cooperate and exchange experience to jointly defeat this outbreak. India has reported over 20,000 infections, claiming 645 lives as of Wednesday. In order to help the country of 1.3 billion combat the spread of the Covid-19 pandemic, the association has called on businesses in the information and communications sector to donate 100,000 antibacterial cloth masks to India. Ambassador Pranay Verma received the gift on behalf of the Indian Red Cross Society and thanked VIFA and the people of Vietnam for their friendly gesture, stressing the masks would be allocated to Indian localities in the most suitable way to combat the Covid-19. Vietnam has donated over a million antibacterial masks and other medical supplies to countries worst-hit by the Covid-19 pandemic, including Cambodia, China, France, Germany, Indonesia, Italy, Laos, Japan, Russia, Spain, Sweden, the U.K. and the U.S. Vietnamese companies are capable of producing eight million antibacterial cloth masks a day, with the government allowing their export after domestic demand was met. The country has reported no new Covid-19 cases since last Thursday, with the current patient count at 45. There have been no deaths. The pandemic has claimed over 177,600 lives and spread to 210 countries and territories.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/another-culprit-jailed-for-resisting-covid-19-screening-4089007.html|&nbspApril 23, 2020 07:00 pm GMT+7|Another culprit jailed for resisting Covid-19 screening|A man in northern Bac Ninh Province received 18 months in jail for resisting a Covid-19 body temperature check. Thai Xuan Hung, 37, was charged with "resisting a law enforcement officer in performance of his/her official duties," Tu Son Town People's Court stated Tuesday. On April 5, Hung was riding a motorcycle when he encountered a Covid-19 checkpoint on Tan Lap Street, Dinh Bang Ward of Tu Son Town. When stopped for a body temperature check, he swore, snatched papers and lay down on the road to resist law enforcement. Hung admitted to his crime while in court. Several people have been sentenced for resisting law enforcement amid the Covid-19 pandemic. This month, a man in the northern Thai Binh Province was jailed for nine months after beating officers in charge of health control when they asked him to wear a mask, while another in Bac Ninh was sentenced to a year in prison for snatching the phone of a medic and throwing it on the ground after being reminded to wear a mask. Vietnam has confirmed 268 Covid-19 cases so far, of which 44 are active. The country has gone for a week without a new infection. The Covid-19 pandemic has reached 210 countries and territories, and more than 184,300 deaths have been reported.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/life/trend/covid-19-turns-life-miserable-for-hanoi-workers-4088949.html|&nbspApril 24, 2020 09:00 am GMT+7|Covid-19 turns life miserable for Hanoi workers|Migrant workers in Hanoi, who left their hometowns with dreams of a better life, are now partially employed or laid off due to Covid-19.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/vietnam-discharges-covid-19-super-spreader-4078971.html|&nbspApril 3, 2020 12:53 pm GMT+7|Vietnam discharges Covid-19 ‘super spreader’|A woman identified as a super spreader of the Covid-19 virus in Vietnam and six people in her circle have been discharged from hospital.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/business/economy/vietnam-s-covid-19-response-could-spur-production-shift-from-china-4096909.html|&nbspMay 9, 2020 08:31 pm GMT+7|Vietnam’s Covid-19 response could spur production shift from China|Vietnam's Covid-19 record could make it an attractive investment destination as economies seek to make their supply chains less dependent on China. Despite a population of over 96 million and sharing a land border with China, Vietnam has recorded only 288 Covid-19 cases so far and zero deaths. Meanwhile, China, where the disease was first reported last year, has recorded nearly 83,000 cases and more than 4,600 deaths. Vietnam's highly effective containment of the Covid-19 pandemic will prove to be an advantage for the country's investment environment, helping economic recovery and placing the country in a new position on the global stage, Planning and Investment Minister Nguyen Chi Dung said at an online meeting between Prime Minister Nguyen Xuan Phuc and businesses Saturday. Foreign investors are considering shifting investments to Vietnam due to their trust in Vietnam's "safety" amid the pandemic, according to recent reports by the National Assembly's Economic Committee. Evidently, U.S. and South Korean tech firms have recently been pushing to diversify their production out of China, and some have chosen Vietnam, the reports said. Apple Inc., for example, has planned to produce 3-4 million wireless earphones called AirPods, or around 30 percent of total classic AirPods production, in Vietnam this quarter, a report said. This would be the first time that millions of AirPod units will be produced in Vietnam, it added. Samsung has also been considering shifting some of its high-end smartphone production lines to Vietnam, reported in March, citing a company spokeswoman. Seafood production and export is expected to increase following the pandemic, said Tran Dinh Hoe, general secretary of the Vietnam Association of Seafood Exporters and Producers (VASEP). He said demand for food, especially seafood, could dramatically increase following the pandemic. He noted that other countries that are main competitors for Vietnam in seafood production, like India and Ecuador, are now having to impose quarantine and lockdown measures to curb the disease, which would cut their production and exports by around 50 percent. The same goes for countries like Indonesia or Thailand, where production and exports could be cut by around 30 percent, he added. "When main competitors suffer delays in their production recovery following the pandemic compared to Vietnam, it presents a huge opportunity," Hoe said. For the textile industry, too, demand is expected to increase gradually after the crisis passes, said Le Tien Truong, director of the Vietnam National Textile and Garment Group (Vinatex). As such, production businesses, including those in the textile industry, must get ready to re-orient themselves and seize opportunities presented, he said. Tran Ba Duong, board chairman of automobile firm Truong Hai Auto Corporation (Thaco), cautioned businesses that they should not rely too much on governmental solutions. The government's foremost priority in a pandemic is to support the poor and vulnerable, including small and medium businesses, he added. "Support from the government should help businesses stand on their own feet, not make them over-reliant on such support. "Right now, solutions to help recover the economy should strike a balance between solving short-term challenges and maintaining market economy principles," he added. Duong also called for a concerted, relentless effort for economic recovery after the pandemic crisis passes, saying this should be coordinated and supported by all industries and sectors, just like the unity shown in the ongoing fight against Covid-19. PM Phuc said the pandemic could provide development opportunities for Vietnam if there was good business coordination and management, adding that businesses should actively restructure themselves, increase managerial capabilities and production. "Businesses need to maintain their workforce and their domestic and international markets," he said. The government will also create a good environment to help businesses in various aspects, through finance, market-oriented, fiscal and other policies, he added.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/vietnam-records-no-new-covid-19-case-thursday-evening-4089216.html|&nbspApril 23, 2020 06:13 pm GMT+7|Vietnam records no new Covid-19 case Thursday evening|Vietnam marked eight consecutive evenings without a new Covid-19 infection Thursday, keeping its national tally unchanged at 268, with 44 active cases. Among the patients under treatment, 20 have tested negative at least once, the Health Ministry said. Of over 68,000 people still quarantined in Vietnam, over 18,300 in quarantine facilities and the rest isolated at home. Following Vietnam's easing of the nationwide social distancing campaign starting Thursday, several restaurants and coffee shops have been allowed to reopen nationwide, except in certain districts of Hanoi, Ha Giang and Bac Ninh Provinces which are still deemed areas with high risks of Covid-19 infection. However, many non-essential businesses like karaoke parlors, massage parlors, bars and cinemas have not been allowed to reopen. Gatherings of over 20 people in one place and 10 people or more outside workplaces, schools and hospitals are still not allowed. Masks are still mandatory while going outside. Vietnam has confirmed 268 Covid-19 cases so far, of which 224 have been discharged, including one in HCMC Thursday. The Covid-19 pandemic has reached 210 countries and territories, and over 185,100 deaths have been reported.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/hue-discharges-senior-british-covid-19-patient-4077500.html|&nbspMarch 31, 2020 02:07 pm GMT+7|Hue discharges senior British Covid-19 patient|A 71-year-old British man was discharged from the Hue Central Hospital Tuesday after recovering from Covid-19 infection. With his discharge, the national tally of discharged patients goes up to 56. He's been given his passport and a health certificate upon discharge, said Pham Nhu Hiep, the hospital director. The patient has tested negative for the Covid-19 virus twice and is being released in accordance with protocols set by the Health Ministry, he said. Upon discharge, the patient will be quarantined in a resort in Phu Vang District for the next 14 days. The patient's wife, a 66-year-old British woman also infected with Covid-19, is still being treated at the Hue Central Hospital. "I hope my wife will also be discharged soon, after which we would return to the U.K.," said the British man, after thanking doctors and nurses for having taken care of both of them. The couple had landed in Hanoi March 2 on Vietnam Airlines flight VN54. The wife had tested Covid-19 positive on March 8, and the husband on March 14. At least 14 other people on that flight were also later found to be infected with the Covid-19 virus. Vietnam has recorded 204 Covid-19 infections so far. Many of the active cases are Vietnamese nationals returning from Europe and the U.S., foreigners coming from the same regions and those who’d come into contact with both groups of people. The Covid-19 pandemic has affected 200 countries and territories, killing more than 37,800 people.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/vietnam-goes-one-week-without-new-covid-19-cases-4088749.html|&nbspApril 23, 2020 06:35 am GMT+7|Vietnam goes one week without new Covid-19 cases|Vietnam began its seventh morning without a new Covid-19 case Thursday, keeping its tally at 268 with all but 45 patients discharged. Among the active patients, three have tested negative once and eight twice. Starting Wednesday midnight, Hanoi and HCMC, which have apparently kept infection cases under control, have been allowed to relax their social distancing after 22 days with strict isolation rules. With a couple of districts still having active Covid-19 patients, Hanoi will have more restrictions in place than Ho Chi Minh City. HCMC is allowed to open shops, street businesses and several non-essential services, but the city has decided that the suspension of taxis, ride-hailing services and passenger buses will continue. Both cities will continue to gatherings of more than two people in public places are banned and people are required to stay at home except for emergencies. For now, Vietnam will continue to suspend receiving foreign visitors. The Covid-19 pandemic has reached 210 countries and territories, and more than 183,800 deaths have been reported.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/hcmc-discharges-two-more-covid-19-patients-4077687.html|&nbspMarch 31, 2020 07:50 pm GMT+7|HCMC discharges two more Covid-19 patients|A Vietnamese woman and a Latvian man in HCMC have become the 57th and 58th Covid-19 patients to be discharged in Vietnam.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/seven-more-covid-19-patients-discharged-in-vietnam-4088505.html|&nbspApril 22, 2020 05:39 pm GMT+7|Seven more Covid-19 patients discharged in Vietnam|Seven Covid-19 patients, six from Hanoi and one from the southern Tay Ninh Province, were discharged from hospitals Wednesday, bringing the nation’s active count to 45. "Patient 252," discharged from Tay Ninh General Hospital, is a six-year-old boy from HCMC's District 5. He lives in Cambodia in a family of five, of whom two have tested Covid-19 positive and are being treated in Cambodia. The boy returned from Cambodia to Vietnam on April 8 and was quarantined in Tay Ninh at the border before being confirmed positive on April 9. Six patients in Hanoi were discharged from the National Hospital of Tropical Diseases. "Patient 184" and "Patient 215" were employees of Truong Sinh Company, which provides food and logistics services for several hospitals in Hanoi, including the Bach Mai Hospital, a major outbreak site. "Patient 184" is a 42-year-old woman from the central province of Nghe An who was confirmed positive on March 29. "Patient 215" is a 31-year-old man from Hanoi's Dong Da District who was confirmed positive on April 1. Two others, "Patient 227" and "Patient 266," had been to the Bach Mai Hospital or come into close contact with someone there. "Patient 227" is a 31-year-old man from the northern province of Ha Nam Province, the son of a woman who was also infected with Covid-19 after taking care of an infected family member at Bach Mai. The man was confirmed positive on April 2. "Patient 266" is a 36-year-old woman from Hanoi's Thuong Tin District. She took care of her mother at Bach Mai from March 8 to March 10. She was confirmed positive on April 14. Two others, "Patient 216" and "Patient 246," entered Vietnam from abroad. "Patient 216" is a 48-year-old woman who flew from Germany to Hanoi March 23 and was confirmed positive on April 1. "Patient 246" is a 33-year-old man from Nghe An who flew from Moscow to Hanoi March 25 and was confirmed positive on April 7. Vietnam has confirmed 268 Covid-19 cases so far, of whom 223 have recovered. The country has recorded no new infection in the last six days. The pandemic has spread to 210 countries and territories and death toll has crossed 177,600.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/business/economy/vietnamese-most-optimistic-about-post-covid-19-economic-recovery-4088378.html|&nbspApril 22, 2020 07:24 pm GMT+7|Vietnamese most optimistic about post-Covid-19 economic recovery|Vietnamese people are most optimistic about a post Covid-19 scenario, with 80 percent believing the economy will recover quickly. Only 17 percent of Vietnamese survey respondents disagreed that the economy would experience a quick recovery post Covid-19, and the remaining three percent said they didn’t know. The survey results released recently showed that China and India, countries hit hard by the Covid-19 pandemic, fared well, with 68 percent and 63 percent respectively believing their economy would recover quickly after the pandemic, with lockdown orders lifted. The figure was 46 percent in Brazil, 43 percent in the U.S., and 37 percent in Mexico. The survey also found 54 percent of Vietnamese respondents believed travel restrictions and self-isolation mandates would stop the spread of the novel coronavirus, followed by China (63 percent), Australia (59 percent), Italy and Canada (58 percent). There will be robust policies to revive the economy, whose key sectors the pandemic has damaged, Prime Minister Nguyen Xuan Phuc said. The country has reported no new Covid-19 cases since last Thursday, and the current patient count is 45. There have been no deaths. More than 177,600 Covid-19 pandemic deaths have been reported, with the virus spreading to 210 countries and territories.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/business/industries/covid-19-impacts-it-sector-bucks-trend-offer-more-jobs-4087390.html|&nbspApril 21, 2020 02:00 pm GMT+7|Covid-19 impacts: IT sector bucks trend, offer more jobs|IT is among very few sectors seeing higher employment rates even as the Covid-19 pandemic cuts jobs elsewhere. Q1 labor demand in the IT sector increased slightly by 3 percent over Q4 in 2019 and surged by 7 percent year-on-year, according to recrutiment firm Navigos Search. IT recruitment firm TopDev's market report for Q1 also stated that labor demand was not affected much by the pandemic. Some large IT companies in Saigon and Hanoi let all employees work from home without impacting work progress. Salaries in this sector also did not see much change compared to the last three quarters of last year. E-commerce is among the sectors with largest Q2 demand for labor in Saigon, in particular for delivery workers, according to the Ho Chi Minh City Center for Human Resources Forecasting and Labor Market Information (FALMI). Navigos Search has also said that the sector needs junior and senior level personnel in business development and marketing as well as people with technical expertise. E-commerce businesses are prioritizing recruiting experienced people. These companies are even willing to pay higher salaries than other sectors and this trend to is likely to continue for next three to five years, Navigos predicted. A number of other industries like healthcare, medicine, online customer care and services, marketing and food processing are also expected to post higher employment rates in the second quarter. Navigos Search said that the industrial real estate sector is looking for personnel for senior positions, notably sales director. It also paints a positive human resources outlook this year for the the energy industry, especially renewable energy. In the hard-hit tourism industry, businesses are limiting recruitment and candidates are also afraid to seek new opportunities. The Ho Chi Minh City Tourism Department has said that up to 90 percent of small and medium-sized travel businesses in the city have stopped operations amid the crisis. Some large private enterprises are only maintaining on site personnel. Currently, many tourism industry employees have taken unpaid leave or earning 20-30 percent of their salary until the pandemic passes. Some office workers and tour guides are looking for seasonal work, notably online sales, to earn an extra income. The manufacturing industry has stopped recruiting workers despite having the highest demand for middle and senior personnel in the first quarter of 2020, up 14 percent compared to the fourth quarter of 2019 and up 27 percent over the same period last year. If the pandemic drags on, some manufacturing companies could stop recruiting and look for other ways to scale-up production due to shortage of production materials and slow sales, according to FALMI. To combat the economic impacts of Covid-19, the government has directed banks nationwide to provide VND285 trillion ($12.1 billion) worth of credit to affected businesses.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/business/economy/businesses-find-opportunity-in-covid-19-pandemic-4077268.html|&nbspApril 1, 2020 05:06 pm GMT+7|Businesses find opportunity in Covid-19 pandemic|From innovating new products out of unsold export items to reconnecting with domestic suppliers, Vietnamese businesses are finding silver linings amid the coronavirus cloud. A demand slump caused by the novel coronavirus was the catalyst for HCMC-based ABC Bakery’s newest invention, the dragon fruit bread, Kao Sieu Luc, its owner, said at a recent business conference held by . "We wanted to create an exciting new product, or even a new culinary tradition, after schools, airports and eateries cut orders for our goods. The dragon fruit bread also solved a major problem: tons of dragon fruit usually exported to China could not go there any more after the country stopped taking deliveries because of Covid-19." The pink bread, in which 60 percent of the water in the dough is replaced with a dragon fruit smoothie, was an instant hit in HCMC when it was released late February, and the chain quickly ramped up production to 20,000 loaves a day, even having to initially limit customer purchases. Luc added: "We are looking into making bread from durian and dragon fruit burgers to sell to fast food outlets. In a crisis like this, other businesses should also look to create new markets or enrich existing products to stimulate demand." Phan Van Dung, deputy director of groceries chain Vissan, said the pandemic has made customers reluctant to shop at the company’s 50 outlets, and so it has begun a two-hour delivery service for shoppers who order on a hotline. Though Vissan has not sold goods online, the pandemic has caused it to rethink strategies it is likely to transition towards online delivery, he said. "Because we produce and distribute foods, which are essential goods, our business was not too adversely affected. Customers have shifted en masse from fresh to processed foods with expiry periods of 6-12 months, and so we have shifted our production to accommodate these changes. Vo Minh Nhut, CEO of NS BlueScope Vietnam, a steel company, said, "There are a lot of things businesses could do when dealing with a crisis like Covid-19. The most important factor for businesses, especially for small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs), is cash flow, and businesses need to reconsider how they manage inventory, receivables and payment periods with suppliers, he said. They should also cut inessential costs that have minimal effect on workers and customers by delaying marketing campaigns and canceling promotional events, which NS BlueScope has done, he said. "Businesses should always plan ahead for bad scenarios and push for sustainable development, and not just wait for a crisis to happen before doing so. Pham Phu Truong, board member of the Ho Chi Minh City Young Business Association (YBA), said while it is easy for large businesses to plan ahead and minimize risk, it is not for SMEs that account for 90 percent of all businesses in Vietnam. "Some SMEs have cash cycles that only allow them to survive for three months. This means some of them will inevitably be shaken out of the market. Nevertheless, from a macro standpoint, this is the price the economy needs to pay for businesses to improve, become more sustainable, and develop buffers against crises." The Covid-19 pandemic has allowed Vietnamese producers to turn inward and build new working relationships with domestic suppliers, whereas earlier they had a plethora of foreign suppliers to choose from, Truong said. "Because the pandemic has disrupted global supply, businesses have no choice but to turn to their compatriots for immediate relief. This helps firms better understand the strengths and opportunities offered by domestic suppliers, as well as stimulate growth of the domestic sector in general." YBA has set up many forums for businesses in various industries to connect, share solutions, pool resources, and enhance cooperation with the government, he said. Nhut said this would help expand business collaboration on a large scale unlike in the past when most SMEs only cooperated on an individual basis. A recent survey by YBA of businesses in HCMC found 90 percent saying they were willing to help other businesses survive the economic effects of Covid-19. "It seems businesses have realized they need each other to survive, and if each link in the supply chain is willing to lower their price a little, the whole chain will be able to coexist," Truong pointed out. "But 90 percent is a surprisingly encouraging statistic, which shows the positive mentality of Vietnamese enterprises in the face of the pandemic." Though hurting less than other Asian economies, the epidemic could drag down Vietnam's GDP growth by 0.41 percent to a seven-year low of 5.96 percent, the ADB has said. Last year growth was 7.02 percent, the second highest in a decade.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/covid-19-recovery-hanoi-discharges-27-patients-4076516.html|&nbspMarch 30, 2020 10:58 am GMT+7|Covid-19 recovery: Hanoi discharges 27 patients|A Hanoi hospital has marked the nation’s largest single-batch release of Covid-19 cases to date, discharging 27 patients including eight foreigners Monday morning. Pham Ngoc Thach, director of the National Hospital for Tropical Diseases in Hanoi’s Dong Anh District, said all 27 people have tested negative for the new coronavirus at least twice in a row, which meets the criteria set by the Health Ministry for their discharge. Among the released is the first confirmed infection in the capital city who set off a spate of other infections. "Patient 17" was the first to start the second phase of infection in Vietnam on March 6 after the nation had gone 22 days straight without recording any new cases. She was confirmed infected four days after returning from London and spread the virus to at least four people. A 25-year-old Vietnamese tour guide who was among the discharged said he improved physically and mentally after more than three weeks at the hospital. "Doctors monitored us every day. There were difficult moments but I got over them," he said, thanking the medical staff. Vietnam has so far confirmed 194 Covid-19 infections. With Monday’s discharge, the number of patients released from hospital has jumped to 52. The National Hospital for Tropical Diseases is currently treating 60 other Covid-19 patients. Many of the currently active cases are Vietnamese nationals returning from Europe and the U.S. and foreigners coming from the same regions. The government decided Sunday to suspend all international flights to Vietnam and limit flights from Hanoi and Ho Chi Minh City to other provinces and vice versa in the coming two weeks. Starting March 22, Vietnam suspended entry for all foreign nationals, including those of Vietnamese origin and family members with visa waivers. To date, the Covid-19 pandemic has killed more than 33,900 people as it spread to 199 countries and territories.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/business/companies/vietnam-businesses-doggedly-fight-covid-19-pandemic-impacts-4088415.html|&nbspApril 22, 2020 03:21 pm GMT+7|Vietnam businesses doggedly fight Covid-19 pandemic impacts|Turning production premises into safe isolated areas and greater digitalization are key measures companies in Vietnam have taken to tide over the Covid-19 crisis. In a survey that polled 358 businesses in the country online and on the phone, 6 percent turned their production premises into "isolated zones" to ensure safety and avoid production disruptions. In such cases, employees are isolated within production sites equipped with disinfecting systems. For instance, the Hung Nhon Group, which produces chicken and pork in the southern province of Binh Phuoc, had its employees to stay on the farm without any contact with outsiders. The survey was conducted mid April by the Private Sector Development Committee (Board IV) managed by the government’s Advisory Council for Administrative Procedure Reform along with VnExpress. Survey findings show that all businesses still conducting office operations have imposed measures to limit the spread of the pandemic, requiring employees to wear masks, keep distances of two meters between two people and providing hand sanitizers. Compared to a similar survey conducted by Board IV in early March, the percentage of businesses that seeked new markets and clients and provided new services by using digital platforms doubled to 16 percent. Business have also adopted strategies of diversion (5 percent), and lowered prices while diversifying and improving the quality of their products or services (4 percent). Ten percent said they "had no solution", down 50 percent compared to March's survey. Only 3 percent of companies applied long-term measures critical to their growth, like product innovation and research to make new products. A meager 2 percent created risk mitigation business plans. Analysts said these low figures show that Vietnamese companies were weak at adopting crisis strategies, meaning they need technical assistance to improve their capabilities in this area. Survey respondents also said they have tried to ensure the livelihood quality of its workers. Sixty percent of respondents said they were still paying employees at the normal or regulated minimum rate. Only 4 percent of businesses said they have terminated work contracts with their staff. About 27 percent reduced working hours and wages but maintained staff strength. Only 8 percent suspended their operations. Fruit grower and processor Nafoods in the central province of Nghe An said it has maintained its staff scale and cut the salary of senior leaders by half. Compared to the survey conducted in March, the percentage of businesses allowing employees to work online has risen from 3 to 52. Tech giant FPT Group conducted its first online shareholders’ meeting with 500 participants globally, while education firm IvyPrep Education closed some of its facilities and optimized online classes. But respondents in general said they were struggling to access credit at lower interest rates as banks were demanding mortgages or proof of cash flow, which is a time consuming process while the need for capital was urgent. Business proposed that corporate tax and value-added tax be reduced, and asked that the payment of retirement fund, union dues, and voluntary insurance be delayed by 12 months. Tourism companies wanted the government to issue visas for residents of the E.U., Russia, South Korea, Japan and other countries as soon as these regions/countries are able to contain the disease. Other companies wanted the government to allow the creation of bank accounts using phone numbers to boost online sales and cashless payment. The Covid-19 pandemic has severely impacted major sectors in Vietnam, especially tourism, transport, manufacturing and trade. The Ministry of Planning and Investment recently proposed a for small and medium businesses; and an equal cut in value added tax (VAT) for raw materials, goods and services. The government had earlier approved delays of up to five months for payment of worth of taxes and land use fees by businesses affected by the pandemic, effective starting April 8.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/vietnam-marks-sixth-morning-without-new-covid-19-cases-4088242.html|&nbspApril 22, 2020 06:42 am GMT+7|Vietnam marks sixth morning without new Covid-19 cases|Wednesday morning marked the sixth consecutive day in Vietnam without a new Covid-19 infection, keeping its tally unchanged at 268.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/hcmc-discharges-three-covid-19-patients-4078018.html|&nbspApril 1, 2020 02:35 pm GMT+7|HCMC discharges three Covid-19 patients|Three people in HCMC were discharged from the Cu Chi Field Hospital Wednesday after recovering from their Covid-19 infections. Under the Health Ministry’s protocol, a Covid-19 patient is deemed recovered after testing negative for the virus at least twice in succession, but has to remain quarantined for 14 days after being discharged. The patients, a 25-year-old man in Tan Binh District, a 31-year-old man in District 10 and a 28-year-old woman in Go Vap District, were infected after having contact with a 51-year-old Vietnamese businesswoman, Dang Thy Lynh Trang, from the central province of Binh Thuan when she flew from Washington D.C. to HCMC on March 2. Trang was confirmed infected on March 10. The 25-year-old man had dinner and worked with Trang in Binh Thuan on March 3. He tested positive on March 13. The 31-year-old man is a colleague who was in the same car as the 25-year-old man. He also had close contact with Trang, and tested positive on March 14. The 28-year-old woman worked with and had close contact with the two men on March 3 and 10. She tested positive on March 17. The three discharged persons would have to isolate themselves at home for the next 14 days and will be medically monitored. Vietnam has confirmed 212 Covid-19 cases so far. Most of the active cases are those who’d returned from Europe and the U.S. and people who’d come into close contact with them. The three Saigon residents have raised the number of people discharged from hospital in Vietnam to 63. The Covid-19 pandemic has so far spread to 203 countries and territories, claiming over 42,300 lives.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/ha-tinh-discharges-its-last-covid-19-case-4095901.html|&nbspMay 7, 2020 06:12 pm GMT+7|Ha Tinh discharges its last Covid-19 case|The last Covid-19 patient in north-central Ha Tinh Province was discharged Thursday, bringing the national tally of active cases down to 38. "Patient 265" is a 26-year-old man who'd returned to Vietnam from Thailand on March 23 and was confirmed Covid-19 positive on April 13. He was treated at the Cau Treo International Border Gate Area Hospital. From when he was quarantined until his recovery, he tested both negative and positive nine times in total, the Health Ministry said. With the discharge of "Patient 265," Ha Tinh has no active Covid-19 case left. Vietnam has recorded 271 Covid-19 cases so far. The country has seen no community transmission for 21 consecutive days, allowing the government to lift many restrictions imposed to fight the spread of the virus.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/hcmc-discharges-four-covid-19-free-patients-4076482.html|&nbspMarch 29, 2020 06:43 pm GMT+7|HCMC discharges four Covid-19 free patients|Four patients were discharged from the Cu Chi field hospital in HCMC Sunday after testing negative three times in a row. Hospital director Nguyen Thanh Dung said that the newly discharged patients will be quarantined for another 14 days to make doubly sure that any chance of the virus being spread among the community is removed, as per Health Ministry regulations. "Patient 64", a 36-year-old resident of Nguyen Thi Tan Street in Ward 2, District 8, HCMC, had flown back from Switzerland to Vietnam, transiting in Dubai before landing March 12 at the Tan Son Nhat airport on Emirates flight EK392 along with her boyfriend, who had traveled to Hong Kong. "Patient 66", 21, is a resident of the Park View apartment building at 107 Nguyen Duc Canh Street in HCMC's District 7. "Patient 79" is a 48-year-old woman who resides in Dong Hai District in the Mekong Delta province of Bac Lieu. She'd been living in the U.K. for the last two years. "Patient 90" is a 21 year-old Vietnamese woman living in Binh Thanh District, HCMC. She was in Barcelona, Spain for a month as an intern. On March 15, she traveled from Barcelona to Dubai on Emirates flight EK188 and then to the Tan Son Nhat airport on Emirates flight EK392, seat 36A. It is expected that three more patients at the Cu Chi field hospital, around 70 kilometers (43 miles) northwest of downtown HCMC, will be discharged Monday. HCMC has so far recorded 45 Covid-19 cases, three of whom were discharged from hospitals in February. Of Vietnam's 179 Covid-19 infections, 25 have been discharged after treatment, including four let go Sunday. Many of the currently active cases are Vietnamese nationals returning from Europe and the U.S. and foreigners coming from the same regions. Starting March 22, Vietnam suspended entry for all foreign nationals, including those of Vietnamese origin and family members with visa waivers and halted all international flights from March 25 until further notice. Only Vietnamese nationals and foreigners having diplomatic and official passports such as business managers, experts and high-skilled workers are being allowed to enter the country at this time, and all entrants are quarantined for 14 days. The Covid-19 pandemic has so far killed more than 30,800 people in 199 countries and territories.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/mekong-delta-province-covid-19-free-after-two-discharges-4087020.html|&nbspApril 19, 2020 05:16 pm GMT+7|Mekong Delta province Covid-19 free after two discharges|Two Covid-19 patients in the Mekong Delta's Bac Lieu Province were discharged Sunday, bringing the national tally of active cases down to 65. The Covid-19 pandemic has spread to 210 countries and territories, and the reported death toll has crossed 160,900.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/four-men-jailed-for-assaulting-covid-19-task-force-members-4087408.html|&nbspApril 20, 2020 02:57 pm GMT+7|Four men jailed for assaulting Covid-19 task force members|A Quang Ninh court has sentenced four men to between six to nine months in jail for assaulting Covid-19 task force members.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/covid-19-paralyzes-civil-society-looking-out-for-the-vulnerable-4086737.html|&nbspApril 19, 2020 08:15 pm GMT+7|Covid-19 paralyzes civil society looking out for the vulnerable|Almost all civil society organizations in Vietnam have reported difficulties supporting their beneficiaries as Covid-19 containment policies suspend traffic and deplete funds. A survey by Hanoi-based Management and Sustainable Development Institute (MSD) asked 101 organizations across Vietnam about the impacts of the novel coronavirus outbreak on them and the new challenges they were facing. As many as 64 said they were unable to reach and support their beneficiaries due to the social distancing campaign, while 31 said they failed to mobilize resources to address emergency needs. Also, 21 organizations reported failure in responding to changing demands of their beneficiaries. The majority of survey respondents work in issues related to child rights protection, people with disabilities and poor people. One of the participants, Truong Trong Khanh, Chairman of Hue-based Hearts for Hue, a non-governmental organization, said he and his team have not been able to reach their 1,000 beneficiaries since Vietnam began its on April 1. "They have many difficulties when it comes to getting essential goods, many families have no incomes," Khanh said. Unable to make physical contact with them, the organization, which supports poor people in the central city of Hue with education, healthcare and livelihood support programs, has sent them 2,400 sanitizers and 5,400 face masks with the help of local authorities, Khanh said. The organization plans to donate 5,000 chickens and provide poultry farming training for 60 families and build a kitchen for a kindergarten in Hue as soon as the social distancing campaign ends on April 22, he added. The survey findings also highlighted the pandemic’s impact on children with disabilities, with the support they depend on getting suspended temporarily. Another survey respondent, Dinh Thi Lan Anh, President of Hanoi-based Vietnam Association of Parents of Children with Cerebral Palsy, said her team has not been able to provide home-based rehabilitative treatment for more than 2,000 children across the country with this condition, a neuromuscular disorder that interferes with movement, muscle coordination, and gait. "Exercises and therapies for children with cerebral palsy had been suspended due to Covid-19 prevention and control. But they have special needs for medical therapy. Their condition may worsen without such treatment," Anh said. It's difficult to remotely instruct parents on how to help their children do rehabilitative exercises. "A lot of parents in the association don't have phones or other devices to learn about this remotely. Normally, the association would send volunteers to their homes to help but during the pandemic, this could not be done. The kids are being taken care of but their treatment is postponed," Anh said. Another major program Anh's organization has had to postpone because of the Covid-19 crisis is giving families special shoes tailored specifically for children with cerebral palsy. "Because of social distancing, the association can't bring the shoes to the kids and make adjustments for them on the spot, so the children don’t have the shoes needed for their special muscle training. If we wait until the end of the epidemic, I'm afraid their feet's shape will change and differ from the already made shoes," she said. The delay in operations was the biggest challenge facing most respondents. Plans made before the Lunar New Year, during which Vietnam reported its first Covid-19 cases, were either postponed or canceled. The delay has also pushed a handful of non-profit social enterprises to the fringe of a permanent shutdown. The survey found only 30 percent of organizations suggested solutions for the continuation of business operation. Among them are acting on contingency plans and switching to online working. Most of the participants have been working remotely and made use of tech tools to run their organizations. Some events and activities were also hosted online. "The pandemic presents a challenge, obviously, but this is also an opportunity for us to focus on organizational capacity development and risk management," an unnamed respondent said. A few of them suggested switching from on-site client support to online support. For example, they could host virtual classes for students, online training sessions for parents, and launch online communication campaigns. The pandemic has cast a monetary dry spell across virtually all sectors and Vietnamese local NGOs and community-based organizations are no exception. One out of 10 organizations face downsizing as they are unable to pay staff salaries and office rent and lack technological tools to operate efficiently during the social distancing campaign. Meanwhile, one out of three surveyed organizations said they were concerned about their post-pandemic future in terms of raising funds and accessing other resources. They reckon the crisis will cut funds coming in from international donors and business partners. The pandemic has also hit for-profit organizations in other domains, including and . The in Vietnam have also suffered. Vietnam recorded of 3.8 percent in the first quarter after non-essential businesses and tourist destinations were ordered to close. Last year GDP growth was 7.02 percent, the second highest in a decade behind the 7.08 percent in 2018. The nation has confirmed 268 cases so far with 65 still under treatment and others discharged from hospitals.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/vietnam-discharges-three-more-covid-19-free-patients-4087515.html|&nbspApril 20, 2020 06:07 pm GMT+7|Vietnam discharges three more Covid-19 free patients|Three Covid-19 patients – two from Ha Tinh and another from Ninh Binh – were discharged Monday, bringing Vietnam’s active cases tally down to 61. Two of them, "Patient 238" and "Patient 210," were discharged from Cau Treo Border Area General Hospital in Ha Tinh. They are friends who worked in the same bar in Thailand before returning to the central province of Ha Tinh that borders Laos last month. "Patient 210" is a 26-year-old woman from Ha Tinh's Can Loc District. She returned to Vietnam on March 20 and was confirmed positive on April 1. "Patient 238" is a 17-year-old girl from Ha Tinh's Thach Ha District who returned to Vietnam on March 18 and was confirmed positive on April 4. The third discharge, "Patient 228," was made by the Nho Quan District General Hospital in the northern province of Ninh Binh. He is a 29-year-old man from the northern province of Bac Giang who returned to Vietnam from abroad on March 20 and was confirmed positive on April 3. Monday saw five Covid-19 patients being discharged in total, including a Brazilian man and a British woman in related to the Buddha Bar & Grill, a major outbreak site in Saigon. Vietnam has confirmed 268 Covid-19 cases in total, of which 207 have been discharged. The country has recorded no new infection in the last four days. The Covid-19 pandemic has spread to 210 countries and territories, with over 165,100 deaths reported so far.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/vietnam-records-second-covid-19-post-discharge-relapse-4087002.html|&nbspApril 19, 2020 03:58 pm GMT+7|Vietnam records second Covid-19 post discharge relapse|A Covid-19 patient in Hanoi discharged after treatment has tested positive again, director of the city's Center for Disease Control (CDC) said Sunday. "Patient 188," a 44-year-old woman from the capital city’s Chuong My District, is an employee of the Truong Sinh Company, which provides food and logistic services for several hospitals in Hanoi, including the Bach Mai Hospital, a major Covid-19 hotspot. She was confirmed positive on March 29, treated at the National Hospital of Tropical Diseases and discharged April 14 after testing negative for the novel coronavirus twice. She has been quarantined at home for another 14 days. On Saturday, April 17, she developed a cough and felt a tightness in her chest. A subsequent test revealed that she was positive for the Covid-19 virus. She has been taken back to the National Hospital of Tropical Diseases. Three people – her husband, daughter and the driver who took her home, have had their samples taken for Covid-19 testing. Ten others who had had contact with the three are now under quarantine, said Nguyen Khac Hien, director of the Hanoi CDC. The woman is Vietnam's second case to test positive for the novel coronavirus after having been discharged from hospital. The other was "Patient 22," a 66-year-old British man who flew from the U.K. to Vietnam on March 2. He was confirmed positive on March 8 and treated at the Da Nang Hospital in central Da Nang City. He was discharged March 23 after testing negative three times. After finishing a post-discharge two-week quarantine at a hotel in Son Tra District, he flew from Da Nang to Saigon for a flight back to the U.K. on April 10. Another sample was taken at the time, and it tested positive for the novel coronavirus on April 11. He had already left Vietnam by then. He has since tested negative again, U.K. authorities have said. Cases of Covid-19 patients testing positive again after recovery are not uncommon. South Korea has reported more than 160 people relapsing. The most likely explanation of the relapse, according to health experts, is that the test is picking up remnants of the virus. They are not certain whether those who retest positive for the virus are contagious or not. Vietnam has confirmed 268 Covid-19 cases so far, 65 of which are active. The country has recorded no new infection in the last three days. The Covid-19 pandemic has spread to 210 countries and territories, and the reported death toll has crossed 160,800.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/hcmc-discharges-two-foreigners-from-covid-19-hospital-4087076.html|&nbspApril 20, 2020 12:07 pm GMT+7|HCMC discharges two foreigners from Covid-19 hospital|Two expats, a British and a Brazilian, were discharged from a Covid-19 field hospital in Ho Chi Minh City Monday morning, bringing Vietnam’s active cases down to 64. The two, Patients 224 and 236, are both related to the city’s largest Covid-19 hotspot, Buddha Bar & Grill, which has resulted in 19 cases in total. The bar is located in District 2's Thao Dien Ward, home to a large expat community. The two patients were released from the Cu Chi field hospital after 20 days of treatment. "Patient 224" is a Brazilian man, 39, residing in Thao Dien. He was a roommate of "Patient 158" at the Masteri apartment complex. "Patient 158" is among those infected from a party at the Buddha Bar on March 14. "Patient 236" is a 26-year-old British woman who also lives in Thao Dien and went to the Buddha Bar party on March 14. She was in contact with a person later diagnosed with the Covid-19 virus. The two patients will be kept under medical monitoring at home for another 14 days. After the latest discharges, the number of Covid-19 patients at the field hospital, established in February, has come down to two, and the city’s total to three. HCMC has gone 13 days without recording a new infection, while Vietnam as a whole has done so for four days. Of the nation’s total of 268 Covid-19 cases, 204 have been discharged, excluding the case of a woman who relapsed Sunday.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/no-time-for-mourning-in-the-covid-19-trenches-4086209.html|&nbspApril 19, 2020 12:30 pm GMT+7|No time for mourning in the Covid-19 trenches|Those on the Covid-19 frontline have little chance to lay loved ones to rest as the battle for pandemic containment drags out.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/hanoi-s-covid-19-relapse-patient-tests-negative-again-4087504.html|&nbspApril 20, 2020 06:14 pm GMT+7|Hanoi’s Covid-19 relapse patient tests negative again|A patient who tested positive after being discharged from a Hanoi hospital tested Covid-19 negative Monday morning, the Health Ministry has confirmed.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/vietnam-keeps-covid-19-slate-clean-saturday-evening-4086636.html|&nbspApril 18, 2020 06:28 pm GMT+7|Vietnam keeps Covid-19 slate clean Saturday evening|The Health Ministry confirmed Saturday evening that Vietnam has no new confirmed Covid-19 infection, keeping the national count at 268. Of these, 201 have been discharged and 67 are active patients. Among those being treated at Vietnamese hospitals, five patients have tested negative twice and 14 have done so once. Nearly 63,000 people are being quarantined in Vietnam – 279 in hospitals specialized for Covid-19 treatment, over 11,300 at centralized facilities and the rest at home. Of the total number of infections in the country, around 40 percent were transmitted within the community while the other patients contracted the virus overseas. The latest Covid-19 case, confirmed Thursday morning, is a 16-year-old Hmong girl from the mountainous province of Ha Giang that borders China, where her three brothers work as freelancers. Meanwhile, a British man and a Brazilian couple became the three latest patients to be discharged Saturday morning, all from HCMC hospitals. For now, Ha Loi Village in Hanoi’s Me Linh District is the nation’s biggest hotspot with 13 related cases that are active. The village of nearly 11,000 residents has been locked down for mass testing since April 7. For the past three days, there has been no new case detected in the village. The Covid-19 pandemic has reached 210 countries and territories, with reported deaths surpassing 154,800.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/normalcy-looms-vietnam-begins-day-21-without-covid-19-community-infection-4095333.html|&nbspMay 7, 2020 06:43 am GMT+7|Normalcy looms: Vietnam begins day 21 without Covid-19 community infection|Vietnam has gone five days in a row without new Covid-19 patients and 21 days straight without any infections caused by community transmission. The nation's Covid-19 tally stood at 271 Thursday morning, unchanged since Sunday evening. Of these, 232 have recovered and been discharged and 39 are still under treatment. Of the active patients, 16 have tested negative once and six twice. The number of people under quarantine has dropped to nearly 21,000, 245 of them in hospitals specialized for Covid-19 treatment, more than 6,000 in isolation camps and the rest at home. Starting Thursday, Vietnam lifts all social distancing restrictions on transportation services including buses, taxis, aircraft and trains. But all passengers are still requested to wear face masks. On Wednesday, the Steering Committee on the Prevention and Control of Covid-19 spearheaded by Deputy Prime Minister Vu Duc Dam suggested the government allow all non-essential businesses and services except bars and karaoke parlors to resume operation. The committee stressed the need to tighten control on all arrivals from abroad, as the condition inside Vietnam becomes "stable." The Covid-19 pandemic has spread to 212 countries and territories, and reported deaths have reached more than 264,100.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/three-foreign-patients-released-from-hcmc-covid-19-hospitals-4084551.html|&nbspApril 18, 2020 01:30 pm GMT+7|Three foreign patients released from HCMC Covid-19 hospitals|A British man and a Brazilian couple were discharged Saturday from two HCMC hospitals specializing in treating Covid-19 patients. The three are among 19 patients linked to the city's largest Covid-19 hotspot, Buddha Bar & Grill in District 2's Thao Dien Ward, home to a major expat community. The British man, "Patient 97," is a 34-year-old English teacher who resides in Ho Chi Minh City’s District 4. He contracted the virus after going to the Buddha bar on March 14 with "Patient 91," a . He was discharged from the Covid-19 Treatment Hospital in Can Gio District after more than three weeks of treatment. With his departure, the hospital has no Covid-19 patient left. However, the field hospital, which was set up March 16 to use facilities of the Can Gio District’s hospital for treating Covid-19 patients and quarantining those suspected to have the disease, will remain ready to receive any new cases that might be detected. "Though the last patient has been discharged, the hospital still maintains its operation with enough staff on duty to stand ready for any situation that could happen in coming days. We’re running out of patients for today but our duty is still there," said hospital deputy director Le Manh Hung. The two Brazilians, Patients 151 and 207, are a married couple residing in Thao Dien District. The wife, "Patient 151" is a 45-year-old employee of the Gia Dinh shoes company, which has two branches - one in Dong Nai Province's Vinh Cuu District and the other in District 2's An Phu Dong Ward. As a colleague, she’d was in contact with "Patient 124," a 52-year-old Brazilian man who got infected after going to the Buddha Bar with another infected man. The husband, "Patient 207," is also an employee of the Gia Dinh shoe company. The two were hospitalized at the city’s field hospital in Cu Chi District. Following their discharge, the hospital has four Covid-19 patients under treatment. Each of the discharged patients will be placed under medical monitoring at home for another 14 more days, as required by the Health Ministry, to prevent risks of further transmission in the community. The latest updates have brought HCMC’s total discharges to 49. The city has five Covid-19 patients in hospitals and it has not reported any new infections for the past 11 days. Nationwide, the number of discharges has been gone up to 201 and active cases brought down to 67. The nation’s Covid-19 tally has been kept unchanged at 268 since Thursday’s morning.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/covid-19-grounds-vietnam-international-flights-4074561.html|&nbspMarch 25, 2020 03:30 pm GMT+7|Covid-19 grounds Vietnam international flights|All Vietnamese carriers suspended international routes starting Wednesday to contain Covid-19, with many active patients arriving from abroad. The last international flight from Germany’s Frankfurt operated by Vietnam Airlines, the only Vietnamese carrier to operate direct flights to European cities, landed at Van Don Airport in northern Quang Ninh Province on Wednesday, carrying 170 passengers. The national flag carrier and Jetstar Pacific suspended all international flights from now until at least April 30. Low cost airline Vietjet Air also stopped all routes to Southeast Asia, mainland China, India, Japan, South Korea and Taiwan until further notice. Bamboo Airways suspended its only international flight to South Korea and canceled its plan to open a direct flight from Hanoi to Prague in the Czech Republic, originally scheduled for March 29. The move came following Prime Minister Nguyen Xuan Phuc’s to Vietnam amidst restricted entry into the country by air, road and sea. Many foreign airlines have delayed or canceled flights to Vietnam. On Tuesday, Noi Bai International Airport in Hanoi only welcomed 264 Vietnamese passengers on four flights from Taiwan, Singapore, Macau and Japan, much lower than the previous week of over 2,000 entering per day. All passengers have been quarantined for 14 days. Earlier on Sunday, Vietnam suspended entry for all foreign nationals, including those of Vietnamese origin and family members with visa waivers. Only Vietnamese nationals and foreigners carrying diplomatic and official passports such as business managers, experts and high-skilled workers will be allowed to enter the country at this time, with all entrants quarantined for 14 days. The country recorded 117 new infections since March 6, the majority returnees from Europe and the U.S. or those passing through pandemic-stricken areas. The Covid-19 pandemic has killed over 18,800 people globally.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/vietnamese-women-more-vulnerable-to-covid-19-than-men-4086069.html|&nbspApril 18, 2020 12:30 pm GMT+7|Vietnamese women more vulnerable to Covid-19 than men|Almost two-thirds of new coronavirus patients in Vietnam are women, and the ratio of community transmission is higher among women than men. This is in contrast to global data, which indicates more men are likely to get Covid-19 and die from the disease than woman. A recent study by the Ministry of Health of more than 200 patients aged 20-59 comprised 64 percent women. Of them, 43 percent of infections were transmitted between women and just 10 percent between men. The experts who did the survey said most patients came in "very close contact" with a source of transmission without wearing a face mask while talking. At the two biggest hotspots in Hanoi, Bach Mai Hospital and Ha Loi Village in Me Linh District, the survey found that the virus was transmitted most among working class people. Nguyen Huy Nga, a former head of the General Department of Preventive Medicine, said: "They are people who have little guarantee in terms of hygiene and materials for disease prevention. Besides, they have little access to official information and so are negligent in preventing infection." Asked about more women than men contracting the disease, he said "more research needs to be done." Vietnam’s Covid-19 tally has stayed at 268 since Thursday morning. Of those diagnosed with it, 67 are in hospital now while 201 recovered and were discharged. Of the total number of infections in the country, around 40 percent were transmitted within the community while the other patients came to Vietnam from other countries with the infection.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/business/fast-fresh-food-delivery-eases-covid-19-troubles-4086519.html|&nbspApril 18, 2020 09:00 am GMT+7|Fast fresh food delivery eases Covid-19 troubles|Customers staying at home during Covid-19 times are enjoying the convenience of door-to-door deliveries made within hours of placing online orders.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/vietnam-records-zero-covid-19-cases-in-84-hours-4087023.html|&nbspApril 19, 2020 06:12 pm GMT+7|Vietnam records zero Covid-19 cases in 84 hours|No new Covid-19 cases have been detected in Vietnam in the last 84 hours, keeping the nation’s tally at 268.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/british-covid-19-patient-in-hue-discharged-4075460.html|&nbspMarch 28, 2020 12:04 pm GMT+7|British Covid-19 patient in Hue discharged|A British Covid-19 patient was discharged from the Hue Central Hospital Saturday morning after nearly three weeks of treatment. The 58-year-old man, , is the first to recover from the Covid-19 infection at the hospital in Hue. Three other British nationals are still undergoing treatment for the disease at this hospital. The discharged patient will receive medical monitoring for at least two more weeks in Vietnam. Nguyen Thanh Xuan, deputy director of the Hue hospital, said that when they received the four patients, doctors and nurses were quite worried because they had not treated any Covid-19 patients before. "Patient 33 has tested negative twice, which meets the Health Ministry criteria to announce if a patient is free from the new coronavirus." "This first success will motivate the team at the Hue Central Hospital to continue treating the remaining patients." For the past three weeks, all staff directly involved in treating the British patients have worked nonstop and have not seen their families, he said. The other three patients are all in stable condition. "Patient 33" was confirmed infected March 10, after touching down in Hanoi from London on Vietnam Airlines flight VN54 on March 2. At least 16 people on the flight were infected with the virus, including the other three British patients in Hue. The wife of "Patient 33," who traveled with him, tested negative for the coronavirus and has already left Vietnam after completing her 14-day quarantine. The British man is the 21st Covid-19 patient who has recovered and been discharged in Vietnam. On Friday, three other patients including two British men were . The nation has recorded 169 infections so far, with . The Covid-19 pandemic has so far killed more than 27,300 people in 199 countries and territories.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/business/industries/covid-19-drags-commercial-rents-down-in-hcmc-4085936.html|&nbspApril 17, 2020 07:03 am GMT+7|Covid-19 drags commercial rents down in HCMC|Q1 average ground floor rent in commercial centres fell 11.4 percent quarter-on-quarter in downtown HCMC, and 15.9 percent in outer districts. Rents on upper floors of shopping centres in busy central business district (CBD) areas were less affected, but fell 6.6 percent quarter-on-quarter, while those outside CBD areas plunged 17.6 percent, according to a Q1 report by real estate consultancy CBRE Vietnam. The drop in prices followed similar movements in the retail sector, which has been badly affected by the pandemic. In the first quarter, total revenues from food & beverage, accommodation & tourism services decreased 9.6 percent and 27.8 percent year-on-year respectively, the report says. Overall, the number of visitors to HCMC shopping centres began decreasing in February and was down 80 percent year-on-year by the end of March. During the government-imposed nationwide social distancing period between April 1 and April 15, businesses in non-essential services that had to shut down and their revenues dropped drastically. Businesses in food and beverages, fashion and accessories, and entertainment have seen revenues drop 50-80 percent compared to normal operations, the CBRE report says. However, tenant occupancy of retail space remained unchanged from last year in CBD areas, and actually rose 0.9 percent in non-CBD areas, thanks to landlords providing rental discounts between 10-30 percent, and some others even foregoing rent completely for businesses ordered to close down. The report forecasts that if Vietnam is able to bring the Covid-19 epidemic under control by the second quarter of this year, occupancy would likely remain stable until the end of the year, although that of modern retail in non-CBD districts may decrease slightly. Given this scenario, rents could likely recover to pre-epidemic levels in CBDs, and fall 5 percent year-on-year in non-CBD areas. If the epidemic lasts until the end of the third quarter, occupancy will likely fall 5-7 percentage points in non-CBD areas, with a corresponding 10 percent fall in average prices. If that happens, landlords are likely to keep current rent reductions of up to 30 percent until the end of the year or allow delayed payments to keep their current tenants, the report says. No new retail space projects were released to the market in the first quarter, keeping the total available net lease area (NLA) in HCMC the same as the last quarter of 2019, at 1.05 million square meters. Future projects that are under construction are also showing signs of delay, and if the epidemic cannot be controlled in the second quarter of this year, new supply this year might only amount to 20 percent of the 152,000 square meters CBRE had forecast in last year’s reports.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/hanoi-conducts-rapid-covid-19-testing-at-wholesale-markets-4086569.html|&nbspApril 18, 2020 08:45 pm GMT+7|Hanoi conducts rapid Covid-19 testing at wholesale markets|Traders and shoppers who come to wholesale markets in Hanoi have to undergo testing for Covid-19, starting Saturday.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/business/economy/covid-19-impact-more-than-1-500-hcmc-businesses-dissolved-4085655.html|&nbspApril 17, 2020 09:40 am GMT+7|Covid-19 impact: More than 1,500 HCMC businesses dissolved|The first quarter saw a 54.5 percent year-on-year surge in the number of HCMC enterprises completing dissolution procedures. HCMC Deputy Chairman Le Thanh Liem said at a meeting Thursday that 1,523 businesses had dissolved in the first quarter, another 5,088 businesses have suspended operations and 35 companies in industrial areas report that they have been badly affected by the pandemic. An estimated 70,000 employees, most of them in small and medium businesses, will be impacted by the pandemic in upcoming months, he said. HCMC businesses are expected to recruit 47,000 workers in the second quarter, a 37 percent fall year-on-year as a result of the Covid-19 pandemic, according to the Ho Chi Minh City Center for Human Resources Forecasting and Labor Market Information. Vietnam’s largest city has been one of the most severely-impacted localities by the coronavirus epidemic. Its gross regional domestic product (GRDP) growth in the first quarter was a meager 0.42 percent, compared to 7.6 percent in the same period last year. The service sector was hit particularly hard, with tourist arrivals falling 42 percent year-on-year to 1.3 million people. Foreign direct investment pledges dropped nearly 33 percent to $1.05 billion. HCMC is one of 12 localities in the country that will continue the government-ordered until April 22. It has recorded 54 Covid-19 patients, second only to Hanoi. Of these, 46 have been discharged from hospitals.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/the-poor-look-out-for-peers-in-covid-19-times-4085014.html|&nbspApril 18, 2020 03:30 pm GMT+7|The poor look out for peers in Covid-19 times|At many donation distribution sites in Vietnam, poor people crippled by Covid-19 are thankful and won't take more than they need. Last Friday afternoon, two women walked to a charity booth at 420 Lac Long Quan Street in Hanoi. One of them took the donated food items and walked off immediately. The other, a slim woman in her mid-thirties, hesitated after receiving her gift pack. She stood silently for a while, an envelope in her hand. After she’d gathered enough courage, she walked towards Dao Tuan Hung, who was managing the booth. She pressed the envelope into his hand. "I immediately told her it was a free present, but she said that it was not money. She left quickly after giving me the envelope," Hung said. Inside was a handwritten letter. "Dear ladies and gentlemen. I have been an unemployed worker since the Covid-19 disease hit the country, the people and the government’s 16th decree (national social distancing campaign) to ensure the lives of people and the community. I sold things for a living but had to stop and paying rent has become difficult. I came across Lac Long Quan Street and found this place which distributes rice and noodles. I was moved to tears to receive the gift wrapped by compassion which feeds me through the day, I hope the disease is going to be over soon so I could start working. Once again, I would like to thank you for spreading love and support during this difficult time. I wish you good health and fortune to save many people in these difficult times. I would like to sincerely thank you very much. Hanoi April 10, 2020 A citizen." The letter was written in a clumsy manner with many grammatical mistakes, but its intent and purpose was clear. Hung said that the letter "with so much affection" made him and his team feel that "we must continue to try not to let anyone down in our society." Hung is one of 20 members of a volunteer group who met virtually on social media and got together to help people in need during the Covid-19 crisis. Apart from the one Lac Long Quan Street, the group runs eight booths across the capital city. Dang Nhu Quynh, 40, one of the group’s two co-founders, said the initiative has opened his eyes not only to the difficulties people face, but also their resilience and compassion even at such times. Last Saturday, Quynh and his team members met a female scrap collector at their booth at 6 Phan Ke Binh Street in Hanoi. She did not want the gift pack, but wanted to buy the empty carton boxes piled on the sidewalk. "She told me she hadn’t collect anything the whole morning because all the shops and restaurants were closed," Quynh said. The volunteers had an extra meal box that they’d bought for lunch that day, so they invited the woman to join them. After hesitating for a moment, she agreed. After finishing the meal, the group agreed to give her the carton boxes she asked for and gave her a gift bag with rice and peanuts. The woman refused to accept it, saying it should be given to people worse off than her. "If I can’t collect anything tomorrow, then I will stop by," she said. On Wednesday, Quynh met an old man in his 70s who asked for the gift bags for himself and two beggars on the street not so far from their booth at 54 Le Van Luong Street. One of the beggars had left, so the senior citizen walked back to the booth and returned one bag instead of keeping it for himself. The volunteers have not only been touched by the honesty and compassion of those receiving their charity, but also by anonymous givers. An unnamed stranger phoned one of them at 5 a.m. and offered to make them (rice paper rolls) for breakfast. One elderly man delivered free rice to the group in the rain and several policemen pitched in, saying: "If everyone donates a little bit, people will benefit." On Monday morning, a 60-year-old woman came to Quynh and donated VND500,000 ($21.33) that she did not use to shop for food. "We can eat vegetables and eggs this week, so we still have money left to support poor families," she said. She even promised to come back to donate more when she received her pension, Quynh said. Nguyen Bao Chau, a Vietnamese organizer of a volunteer group in Melbourne, Australia, said many poor people have undeniable dignity, self-respect and generosity of spirit. She said a single woman, one of the first to come to her group for help, got just five kg of rice and a few other items, because the group had received very little money from sponsors at that time. When they managed to buy more rice later, she texted the single mother to come and collect more, but the latter declined, saying "when I run out I will ask, so other mothers can have the rice too." Chau said many donors to her group are unemployed women, mothers with scarce resources, but they still support the cause. "A woman who recently lost her job because of Covid-19 does not have a personal vehicle, but she still walked to the store to buy cloth to make face masks for giving them away. "When she ran out of money, she told us to tell people that if needed, they can send the cloth to her and she will make the face masks for them," Chau said. Across Vietnam, many initiatives have been established to help those in poverty to survive the epidemic, including and a supermarket selling essential items with .
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/six-covid-19-patients-recover-in-northern-vietnam-4085790.html|&nbspApril 16, 2020 06:49 pm GMT+7|Six Covid-19 patients recover in northern Vietnam|Six coronavirus patients in Quang Ninh, Ha Nam and Ninh Binh provinces were confirmed recovered Thursday, bringing down Vietnam’s active cases to 91. Two of them, "Patient 52" and "Patient 149," had entered Vietnam from abroad and treated at the No.2 Hospital in Quang Ninh. "Patient 52" is a 24-year-old woman from Quang Ninh's Ha Long Town. She had flown in from the U.K. to Vietnam on March 9 and confirmed positive with the novel coronavirus on March 14. "Patient 149" is a 40-year-old man who lives in Hanoi's Long Bien District. He flew from Germany to Vietnam on March 23 and was confirmed positive on March 26. Three others, "Patient 168," "Patient 188" and "Patient 231," are employees of the Truong Sinh Company, which provides food and logistics services for several hospitals in Hanoi, including the Bach Mai Hospital, a major Covid-19 hotspot. They were treated at the Ha Nam General Hospital. "Patient 168" is a 35-year-old woman who was confirmed positive on March 28. "Patient 188" is a 40-year-old woman in Hanoi's Chuong My District who was confirmed positive on March 29. "Patient 231" is a 57-year-old woman from the northern province of Bac Kan who was confirmed positive on March 4. The Ninh Binh General Hospital announced Thursday that one of its Covid-19 patients has recovered. Though the patient has tested negative four times, the patient would continue to be monitored at the hospital in the context of some other patients having tested positive after testing negative several times, said Vu Manh Duong, director of the Ninh Binh Health Department. Vietnam has confirmed 268 Covid-19 cases so far and discharged 177 from hospitals.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/covid-19-stalks-hanoi-streets-chairman-warns-4075097.html|&nbspMarch 26, 2020 02:00 pm GMT+7|Covid-19 stalks Hanoi streets, chairman warns|Dozens of Covid-19 positive cases could be "roaming the streets," Hanoi Chairman Nguyen Duc Chung has warned, reiterating that people should stay inside.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/hcmc-extends-school-closure-in-covid-19-safety-measure-4086378.html|&nbspApril 18, 2020 09:30 am GMT+7|HCMC extends school closure in Covid-19 safety measure|Over 1.7 million HCMC students will have their prolonged school break extended further until at least May 3 over Covid-19 safety considerations. More than 135,000 students taking vocational training classes will also stay at home until this date. The city has asked the Ministry of Education and Training to adjust some content related to the school year plan, the time to finish textbook selection for the new school year and the time to end the 2019-2020 school year. This is the eighth time that Ho Chi Minh City has announced the extension of the school holidays to prevent the spread of the novel coronavirus. The government has asked HCMC, Hanoi and 10 other provinces with high risk of spreading the virus to continue social distancing until April 22. Since mid-March, the city has been running an online teaching program on TV for students in grade 9 and 12 to help them revise lessons for the national high school entrance and graduation exams. For the remaining grades, the city has organized online learning classes using digital media and television to streamline the subjects. At an April 10 government meeting, Ho Chi Minh City Party Secretary Nguyen Thien Nhan had said that if the city continues to control the disease well, students can return to school in mid-May. Nhan also asked the Department of Education and Training to establish risk assessment criteria to ensure safety for students in case that there are still Covid-19 patients and the risk of infection in the city. The closure of the school year has been pushed back to July 15 and the national high school exam to August 8-11, which is 1.5 months later than previous years. Vietnamese students are typically given a two-week spring holiday and a three-month summer break. This is the first time in history that more than 22 million students in Vietnam have to take such a long break after the Lunar New Year due to a pandemic. The education ministry has had to cut short the curriculum and recognize online learning results. At the moment, 13 provinces have extended the school closure for students, except Ca Mau, Vinh Long and Thai Binh provinces, which reopened classes for grade nine and high school students in April.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/vietnamese-canadian-doctor-in-quebec-succumbs-to-covid-19-4086307.html|&nbspApril 18, 2020 08:00 am GMT+7|Vietnamese-Canadian doctor in Quebec succumbs to Covid-19|A Canadian doctor and academic of Vietnamese origin has become the first doctor to die of Covid-19 complications in Quebec Province. Dao Huy Hao, 44, was a community health expert and professor at the University of Sherbrooke's community health department in Quebec. He is the first doctor in Quebec to have succumbed to Covid-19, the reported Friday. Hao had earlier worked for the National Institute of Public Health in Quebec for two years (2016-2017). Canada has recorded over 31,600 Covid-19 cases so far, of whom at least 1,310 have died. Vietnam has confirmed 268 Covid-19 cases, 70 of them active, with no deaths. The Covid-19 pandemic has spread to 210 countries and territories with reported deaths passing 154,000.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/vietnam-confirms-no-new-covid-19-case-wednesday-evening-4085233.html|&nbspApril 15, 2020 06:18 pm GMT+7|Vietnam confirms no new Covid-19 case Wednesday evening|The Health Ministry Wednesday evening reported no new Covid-19 infection, keeping the national tally at 267. One new case had been confirmed in Hanoi Wednesday morning, a man from Ha Loi Village where 12 others have been infected with the virus. The village with over 11,000 people has been locked down since April 7. Of the confirmed cases so far, 171 patients have been discharged from hospitals, while another 19 have tested negative at least once. Most of the active patients are in stable health. There are three patients under intensive care. One of them, "Patient 91" – a 43 year-old male British pilot with Vietnam Airlines, showed positive signs Wednesday afternoon. He had no fever and was able to notice surroundings despite being sedated. Prime Minister Nguyen Xuan Phuc Wednesday extended the social distancing period until April 22 for 12 localities including Hanoi, Ho Chi Minh City and Da Nang City, as they have high risks of contagion. Residents in other localities still need to refrain from leaving their homes, wear masks and keep a safe distance from each other. Entertainment and tourist destinations in all localities must remain closed. There are 68,000 people under quarantine in Vietnam – around 12,000 in hospitals and quarantine camps and the rest at home. The Covid-19 pandemic has spread to 210 countries and territories, claiming 127,600 lives.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/american-man-faces-deportation-for-falsely-claiming-covid-19-infection-4085570.html|&nbspApril 16, 2020 02:29 pm GMT+7|American man faces deportation for falsely claiming Covid-19 infection|An American in northern port city of Hai Phong faces deportation after falsely claiming he was Covid-19 positive, authorities said Wednesday. Au Joseph Elhayboubi, 32, had entered Vietnam last October, and his visa allowed him to stay until January 25. Previously, since May 2018, he had tried several times to enter Vietnam for traveling and working in foreign language centers, but failed. Further details of his earlier attempts were not available at publication time. After entering Vietnam, he traveled to several localities and applied for jobs. He came to Hai Phong in January and applied for a job at a local English center, but failed. He left and visited several other places before returning to the northern city on March 22 and taking up temporary residency on Lach Tray Street. He then reported to authorities that he had Covid-19. He was taken to the Viet Tiep Hospital to be monitored, but caused such a commotion that he had to be quarantined in a separate room. Elhayboubi later tested negative for the novel coronavirus. Police said it was likely that he did not have enough money to get by and couldn't return to the U.S. as international flights in Vietnam are currently suspended under Covid-19 prevention policies. He came up with the Covid-19 ploy so he would be provided accommodation and food in Vietnam, they said. Elhayboubi finished his quarantine period on April 3. A report was filed against him by the Hai Phong Police department for overstaying his visa, and they are recommending that he is fined and deported to the U.S. Vietnam has confirmed 268 Covid-19, 97 of them active and the rest discharged. The global death toll has been reported at over 134,600, with the pandemic spreading to 210 countries and territories.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/hcmc-records-three-more-covid-19-infections-4073584.html|&nbspMarch 23, 2020 03:41 pm GMT+7|HCMC records three more Covid-19 infections|Two foreigners and a Vietnamese living in Ho Chi Minh City were confirmed infected with the novel coronavirus Monday, raising the country’s tally to 121. "Patient 119" is a 29-year-old American man residing in Binh Thanh District. He works with the Boston Consulting Group, a financial consulting company, on the 13th floor of mPlaza Saigon on Le Duan Street in District 1. From March 1-15, he traveled frequently between Vietnam, Indonesia and Thailand, but could not recall all the flight details. He went to work normally and also visited some entertainment facilities. On March 19, he showed symptoms of fever, cough and a sore throat. A day later, he visited the FV Hospital in the city for a health check and his swab samples were confirmed Covid-19 positive Monday. "Patient 120" is a 27-year-old Canadian man who works as an English teacher and lives at the Masteri apartment building in District 2. He entered Vietnam on February 11. During his stay in HCMC, he had close contact with a British pilot of Vietnam Airlines, who had tested Covid-19 positive earlier. They met at a number of restaurants and entertainment facilities. After the pilot was confirmed Covid-19 positive, the Canadian was placed under isolation in District 2 and his swab samples were tested though he hadn’t showed any symptoms. On March 21, he had fever and a dry cough; and was transferred to the Cu Chi Field Hospital for isolation and treatment. "Patient 121" is a 58-year-old Vietnamese man residing in Tan Binh District. On March 18, he and his wife flew from New York to Vietnam on ANA Airline flight NH831 that transited at Japan’s Narita airport. The couple landed March 19 at the Tan Son Nhat airport and were quarantined in Can Gio District. On March 20, the man had a fever but no cough or shortness of breath. After his swab samples tested positive, he was moved to a medical center in Can Gio for treatment. Vietnam has recorded 104 new infections since March 6, 103 still under treatment and one recovered last week. Of the active cases, 12 have tested negative either once or twice. Many of the active cases are Vietnamese nationals returning from Europe and the U.S. and foreigners visiting from the same regions. Starting Sunday, in an unprecedented move, Vietnam suspended entry for all foreign nationals, including those of Vietnamese origin and family members with visa waivers. The Covid-19 pandemic has killed over 14,700 people globally, spreading to 192 countries and territories thus far.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/vietnam-reports-no-new-covid-19-cases-for-36-hours-4086314.html|&nbspApril 17, 2020 06:58 pm GMT+7|Vietnam reports no new Covid-19 cases for 36 hours|There were no new nCoV cases on Friday, meaning Vietnam has gone 36 hours without one. The total of cases stays at 268 with no deaths and 70 people now in hospital. Also on Friday 21 patients were discharged after recovering, 17 in Hanoi, three in the southern province of Tra Vinh and one in the northern province of Ninh Binh. Thirty nine people are currently being treated in Hanoi, 10 in Ninh Binh, nine in Ho Chi Minh City and the rest in several other provinces. Of the 70 still in hospital, 13 have tested negative once and four others, twice. The latest Covid-19 case, diagnosed on Thursday morning, is a 16-year-old Hmong girl from the mountainous province of Ha Giang near China. "Patient 268" is from a remote village in Dong Van District, and the first case detected in the northern province. The government decided on Wednesday that e until April 22 in Hanoi, Ho Chi Minh City and 10 other localities deemed to be at high risk of Covid-19 spread. The global death toll in the pandemic has exceeded 147,000.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/vietnam-s-covid-19-suspects-lowest-in-three-weeks-4084986.html|&nbspApril 15, 2020 02:00 pm GMT+7|Vietnam’s Covid-19 suspects lowest in three weeks|There were 1,659 Covid-19 suspects quarantined in Vietnamese hospitals as of Wednesday morning, the lowest figure in 20 days. The Health Ministry confirmed this was the first time after nearly three weeks that the number of people classified as potential carriers of the Covid-19 virus in Vietnam dropped below 2,000. On April 1, Vietnam had recorded 4,617 such suspects, the highest number since the Covid-19 epidemic broke out in the country in late January. Those deemed Covid-19 suspects are people who’ve come into close contact with patients or have returned from outbreak areas, and have shown symptoms of cough, fever and shortness of breath. Vietnam is still monitoring the health of more than 67,000 people who’d come into contact with infected patients or entered the country from outbreak hit areas. Of these, more than 54,000 people are isolated at home since they have determinant factors but not associated symptoms and are yet to be diagnosed as having the virus. As of Wednesday morning, Hanoi had recorded 129 Covid-19 cases and discharged 76 after treatment. Over 900 people are being quarantined at centralized facilities while 19,000 others are being monitored in the capital city. HCMC has recorded 54 positive cases so far and 45 have been cured. More than 207 people are in quarantine camps and 124 are quarantined at home in the southern metropolis. Both cities have proposed the government to extend the social distancing campaign, which will end Wednesday night, for two more weeks until April 30. Vietnam’s Covid-19 infection count was 267 as of Wednesday morning. Of these, 98 are active while the remaining 169 have been discharged from hospitals. The Covid-19 pandemic has claimed over 126,000 lives as it hit 210 countries and territories.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/vietnam-confirms-11-new-covid-19-infections-4074298.html|&nbspMarch 24, 2020 09:46 pm GMT+7|Vietnam confirms 11 new Covid-19 infections|Four patients in HCMC and five in Hanoi are among the latest 11 Covid-19 infections recorded in Vietnam Tuesday, raising the country's total to 134. All four HCMC cases are related to the Buddha Bar & Grill in District 2's Thao Dien Ward where four foreign customers had been confirmed infected earlier. Thao Dien is home to many expats in the city. "Patient 124" is a Brazilian man, 52, who lives in HCMC’s District 2. He is an employee of Gia Dinh Shoes Co. Ltd., which has offices in District 2 and in Vinh Cuu District in Dong Nai Province, which neighbors HCMC. For the last several days, he had traveled back and forth between the two offices, and also visited several restaurants and coffee shops in Dong Nai’s Bien Hoa Town, as well as the Vincom shopping mall in District 2 without wearing a face mask. On March 14, he visited the Buddha Bar and was quarantined in District 2 on March 22 before testing Covid-19 positive. He is being treated at the city’s field hospital in Cu Chi District. "Patient 125" is a 22-year-old South African woman residing in HCMC’s District 7. She patronized the Buddha bar from 9:30 p.m. on March 14 and stayed until 3 a.m. the next day. After learning about the bar’s customers being infected, she reported herself on March 22. From March 15 to the time she tested positive, she had quarantined herself at home. "Patient 126" is another South African resident of District 7. The 28-year-old male teacher is a friend of "Patient 125" and was in the bar with her. Later, he visited her twice at home. They two are being treated at a quarantine zone in Can Gio District. "Patient 127" is a 23-year-old man resident of HCMC’s Tan Phu District who was serving at the Buddha bar, working the night shift from 9 p.m. to 4 a.m. He had a fever on March 16 and went to a local clinic in Tan Phu for a health check. Between March 17 and 20, he did not go to work, but visited several restaurants in town. On March 21, he reported himself after learning about Covid-19 positive cases related to Buddha bar. He was quarantined at home first before being sent to a centralized facility in the district, where he tested Covid-19 positive. He is undergoing treatment at the Cu Chi facility. Earlier, four patients – three British men and a Canadian man – had been confirmed infected with the novel coronavirus after they visited the bar together on March 14, the day before the city closed all bars to limit the spread of the virus. "Patient 128" and "Patient 129" are both 20, male and studying in Britain. "Patient 128" is from Hai Phong City in northern Vietnam, while "Patient 129" is a Hanoi resident. They landed March 20 at Hanoi’s Noi Bai Airport on Vietnam Airlines flight VN54. One was confirmed infected on March 22 and the other on March 23. They are both quarantined and undergoing treatment at the National Hospital for Tropical Diseases in the capital’s Dong Anh District. The other three patients are Vietnamese people who returned from Spain. They landed March 22 in Hanoi on Aeroflot flight SU290 after transiting in Russia. After entering Vietnam they were sent to a quarantine zone pending test results and are now being treated at the National Hospital of Tropical Diseases in Hanoi. "Patient 130" is a 30-year-old man and "Patient 131" a 23-year-old man who both live in HCMC’s Binh Chanh District. "Patient 132" is a 25-year-old Hanoi resident. "Patient 133" is a 66-year-old woman from Lai Chau Province in northern Vietnam. On March 22, she ran a fever on her way back home after staying for three weeks for some heart condition treatment at Bach Mai Hospital in Hanoi. She tested positive the next day and is being treated at the province’s General Hospital. were confirmed infected with the virus last Friday. "Patient 134" is a 10-year-old boy from Hanoi’s Thach That District. He arrived March 18 in the capital city on board Aeroflot flight SU290 from Moscow and was sent to a quarantine camp in Thanh Hoa Province in the north-central region. He was confirmed Covid-19 positive on March 23. With the latest additions, Vietnam has recorded a total of 134 infections, including 17 who have been discharged after treatment. Of the current active cases, 14 have tested negative once, twice or three times. Many of the currently active cases are Vietnamese nationals retuning from Europe and the U.S. and foreigners visiting from the same regions. Starting March 22, Vietnam has suspended entry for all foreign nationals, including those of Vietnamese origin and family members with visa waivers. The Covid-19 pandemic has killed over 17,250 people globally, having spread to 196 countries and territories thus far.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/travel/places/vietnam-an-unforgettable-trip-for-covid-19-couple-4085678.html|&nbspApril 17, 2020 02:57 pm GMT+7|Vietnam an unforgettable trip for Covid-19 couple|A British tourist couple managed to turn their coronavirus ordeal in Vietnam into a memorable experience.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/vietnam-repatriates-100-british-tourists-as-covid-19-fight-intensifies-4084902.html|&nbspApril 15, 2020 12:29 pm GMT+7|Vietnam repatriates 100 British tourists as Covid-19 fight intensifies|More than 100 British stranded in Vietnam and Cambodia returned home Monday via a special Vietnam Airlines flight, Vietnam’s Foreign Ministry stated. Approved by the government of Vietnam and the U.K., the flight departed Phnom Penh on Monday before transiting in Hanoi to pick up the stranded British. Prior to boarding, passengers were given a health check and told to keep a minimum distance of two meters when queuing. Face masks were mandatory during the flight. Among those repatriated on the special flight were some British tourists infected with Covid-19, who have recovered and been discharged from hospital. The aircraft also carried antibacterial cloth masks donated by the Vietnamese government and people to the U.K. where nearly 94,000 infections have been confirmed, including over 12,000 deaths. The flight would carry Vietnamese nationals, including overseas students under the age of 18, seniors and those in difficulty on its return. It is scheduled to land at Van Don Airport in the northern province of Quang Ninh on Wednesday. All returnees will be placed under quarantine for health supervision. Last week, Vietnam Airlines also carried 600 German and other Europeans stranded in Vietnam back home on two special flights funded by Germany. Vietnamese carriers suspended all international flights on March 25. Since March 22, Vietnam has prohibited entry for all foreign nationals. Only Vietnamese and foreigners carrying diplomatic or official passports are allowed in, and all are quarantined for 14 days. As isolation facility overload lessens, the Vietnamese government is planning to repatriate those Vietnamese abroad wishing to return home. The country has brought home nearly 4,600 Vietnamese from pandemic-hit areas since early February. Vietnam’s Covid-19 infection count came to 267 as of Wednesday morning. Of these, 98 are active while the remaining 169 have been discharged from hospital. The Covid-19 pandemic has claimed over 126,000 lives, affecting 210 countries and territories.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/life/trend/hanoi-flower-village-withers-in-covid-19-season-4082881.html|&nbspApril 15, 2020 09:05 pm GMT+7|Hanoi flower village withers in Covid-19 season|Cuc was about to harvest flowers from her garden before someone called to cancel the order.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/two-jailed-for-assaulting-covid-19-task-force-member-4085535.html|&nbspApril 16, 2020 11:44 am GMT+7|Two jailed for assaulting Covid-19 task force member|Two men in Dak Nong Province in the Central Highlands were sentenced to prison for assaulting an official when questioned about their violation of social distancing norms. Nguyen Cong Trinh, 37, got nine months and Kieu Van Thanh, 50, got a year at the Gia Nghia Town People's Court on Wednesday. Trinh, the husband of a café owner in Gia Nghia’s Nghia Thanh Ward, and Thanh, the owner of the café premises, on April 9 confronted the ward's Covid-19 task force members who came around to file a report on the shop violating social distancing rules. The task force saw around a dozen people together at the café and without masks. When his wife was signing to acknowledge the complaint, Trinh snatched and tore it in a struggle with a task force member while Thanh punched that man. The two later said they had been drunk at the time. The previous day in Thai Binh and Bac Ninh provinces for assaulting Covid-19 task force members who asked them to put on masks. Vietnam has fined thousands of people for violating regulations as it combats the spread of the disease. The country has had 268 Covid-19 cases so far, 97 of them currently active, and no deaths. The global death toll has risen to over 134,600 and the disease has spread to 210 countries and territories.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/vietnam-confirms-no-new-covid-19-cases-thursday-evening-4085801.html|&nbspApril 16, 2020 06:15 pm GMT+7|Vietnam confirms no new Covid-19 cases Thursday evening|No new coronavirus infections were confirmed in Vietnam Thursday evening, keeping the national tally of active cases at 91. The country has confirmed 268 Covid-19 cases so far, of whom 177 have been discharged after treatment. Of the total, around 40 percent were cases of community transmission, while the rest were those coming into Vietnam from other countries. The latest Covid-19 patient, confirmed Thursday morning, is a 16-year-old Hmong girl from the mountainous province of Ha Giang, which borders China. "Patient 268" lives in a remote village in Dong Van District, northern Vietnam. She is the first Covid-19 case detected in the province. Around 68,000 people are currently under quarantine in Vietnam, about 12,000 in quarantine zones and the rest at home. The government Wednesday decided that the in Hanoi, Ho Chi Minh City and 10 other localities deemed to be at high risk of the Covid-19 virus spreading further. The Covid-19 pandemic has spread to 210 countries and territories, and reported deaths have crossed 135,500.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/hanoi-confirms-new-covid-19-infection-linked-to-major-hospital-4084500.html|&nbspApril 14, 2020 06:25 pm GMT+7|Hanoi confirms new Covid-19 infection linked to major hospital|A woman who contracted the novel coronavirus after visiting her mother at Hanoi’s Bach Mai Hospital is Vietnam’s latest Covid-19 patient. The latest case raises the nation’s tally to 266 and the number of active cases to 97. "Patient 266," 36, resides in Hanoi’s Thuong Tin District. Between March 8 and 10, she had visited her mother at the functional rehabilitation department of Bach Mai Hospital. She had an itchy throat on March 12 and isolated herself at home since March 30, two days after Bach Mai was put under lockdown for being linked to a series of infections. On April 12, her samples were taken following a mass testing campaign for all people who’d visited the hospital, which has been the nation’s biggest Covid-19 hotspot with at least 46 related cases, including this latest patient. After her samples were confirmed Covid-19 positive two days later, she was moved for treatment to the National Hospital of Tropical Diseases in the capital city's Dong Anh District. The Bach Mai Hospital was locked down March 28 after at least eight Covid-19 cases were linked to it. The lockdown was lifted after 14 days in the early hours of last Sunday after thousands of people related to the hospital were put under special medical monitoring. Of the total 266 confirmed Covid-19 patients in Vietnam, 169 have been discharged from hospitals, including 23 released Tuesday. The 97 active cases are being treated at 14 hospitals, all in stable conditions. 13 of them have tested negative once and eight twice. As of Tuesday afternoon, nearly 69,000 people who entered Vietnam from infected areas or who had close contact with patients have been quarantined. The Covid-19 pandemic has claimed more than 120,500 lives as it hit 210 countries and territories.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/life/trend/mother-covid-19-recoveree-looks-to-uncertain-future-4083592.html|&nbspApril 14, 2020 09:01 pm GMT+7|Mother, Covid-19 recoveree looks to uncertain future|A mother, employee and recently recovered Covid-19 patient recalls her difficult experience, mulls future tribulations. On April 10, Truong Thi Thanh Thuy's 12-year-old son recovered from Covid-19 with 14 more days of quarantine left. However, she remains worried about loss of work and community discrimination. Thuy lives in Ham Thuan Bac District, the central province of Binh Thuan with her husband and two young children. Before infected with the virus, the 37-year-old worked in a construction materials shop owned by Dang Thi Linh Trang. Each afternoon at about 16:00, Thuy stopped by the head office about 200 meters away from the shop to report inventory data. Thuy has met her boss many times since the latter returned from the U.S. in early March, often sitting only a meter from each other. In addition, she has also frequently met with her son and husband during the course of work. On March 3, when a sales team promoting sanitary equipment from Ho Chi Minh City visited Phan Thiet Town of Binh Thuan, Thuy was taking stock while the others discussed business. "At the time I had heard about the new coronavirus spreading across the world, but could not imagine it would affect my company," Thuy recalls. On March 9th, Trang showed symptoms of coughing, fever and had to attend hospital. The store had to close and all 20 employees were required to stay home. The day after, , the first case in Binh Thuan Province and the 34th in Vietnam. Following the confirmation, Thuy and all other employees were immediately taken to a quarantine zone at La Gi Town. At the time, Thuy still felt healthy and experienced no clear symptoms. "My neck felt itchy once, but nothing other than that. Another colleague had a headache and coughed, making everyone nervous," Thuy said. "Yet I turned out to be Covid-19 positive. Everything seemed to collapse in front me, I was worried whether I would live or die." Acknowledged by the Ministry of Health as "Patient 37" on March 11, Thuy was taken from La Gi to Binh Thuan General Hospital for treatment. Local health authorities quickly assembled about 50 people who had come in contact with her, including her husband, son, daughter, relatives, and neighbors at the La Gi quarantine area. Thuy worried she may have infected a great number of people, especially her 2-year-old daughter and her already-ill parents and parents-in-law. In the end, only her 12-year-old son tested positive and was transferred to the same provincial hospital as his mother. "Luckily, my 2-year-old daughter was not infected. I thought she might, since she slept with me and I always fed her myself", she stated. In quarantine, Thuy contacted her family via video chat each day. Thanks to the phone, her son could play games and watch movies to lessen his boredom at hospital. In her 20-meter-square-meter hospital room, Thuy received three meals at 6 a.m, 10:30 a.m., and 4:00 p.m. Meals included porridge for breakfast and meat, fish and soup for lunch and dinner. Patients could also switch to beef noddle soup or rice with roasted pork rib. "Doctors are very devoted and always encouraged patients when checking on us," Thuy said. Based on symptoms, doctors prescribe 2-4 tablets a day, in addition to supplements to boost the immune system. Everyone reminded her to relax and eat properly to quickly recover. "Thanks to eating well, I did not lose weight," she noted. When first admitted to hospital, Thuy was very worried, yet the dedication of doctors and nurses calmed her down during treatment. "I read on the news my boss had destroyed furniture at the hospital and demanded to be transferred. That was completely untrue. Everyone was grateful to nurses and doctors, and no one would do that," Thuy confirmed. The day she was informed of her recovery together with six other patients, she could not sleep since her son remained ill. "I was very concerned about my son and could only pray for his recovery, so we could leave hospital at the same time." On April 3, Thuy was discharged along with her boss and her five family members. Thuy subsequently requested to stay in the room opposite her son. After three tests, on April 9, the boy was confirmed free of the virus. The exhilarated mother and son were taken to Eastern Medical Provincial Hospital for 14 more days of quarantine. After their recovery, Thuy worried about community discrimination since her extended family in Ham Thuan Bac District faced ridicule following their 14-quarantine period. Every time a relative passed by, neighbors would close their doors. Her cousin, employed at a bank, is also treated with suspicion even though she didn't interact with Thuy. "I am most worried about my son, who is a good student. If his classmates tease or alienate him, it will affect his mentality," Thuy said. Before Covid-19 infection, Thuy earned about VND6 million ($257.29) a month. Her husband worked as an accountant. Both had little time to cultivate dragon fruit, as per local custom. Now, the couple is unemployed and faces tremendous financial strain. Thuy said that, though the past few days of the epidemics had been terrible, she was grateful both her and her son had survived. She plans to stay home to care for their children for a while. "My family is the priority. We can overcome any difficulties together," she maintained.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/travel/places/hanoi-suspends-cnn-ads-pending-end-to-covid-19-pandemic-4085061.html|&nbspApril 15, 2020 04:35 pm GMT+7|Hanoi suspends CNN ads pending end to Covid-19 pandemic|Hanoi authorities and CNN have agreed to temporarily suspend tourism promotion ads on the American news channel until the Covid-19 crisis passes. Tran Duc Hai, Director of the municipal Department of Tourism, said Wednesday that the department had negotiated with CNN a temporary halt to all tourism promotions on the global news channel following an order by city Chairman Nguyen Duc Chung. "Hanoi will only re-launch the tourism promotion after the World Health Organization (WHO) declares the end of the Covid-19 pandemic," he said. Earlier, Chung had asked the department to work with CNN on suspending advertisements on the channel, saying he wanted to mobilize all resources towards fighting the pandemic. Hanoi has recorded 129 Covid-19 cases and discharged 71 after treatment. Over 900 people are being quarantined at centralized facilities while 19,000 others are being monitored in the capital city. Last year, Hanoi had signed a $4-million tourism promotion deal with CNN for the 2019-2024 period. In 2019, CNN aired 15 short films on city attractions across the Asia-Pacific, Europe, the Middle East, North America, and South Asia. in the country have been closed since mid-March and bars and most other entertainment facilities have been shut until April 15 on the Prime Minister’s orders, with the country having entered . Both Hanoi and HCMC have proposed that the government extends the social distancing campaign, which will end Wednesday night, for two more weeks until April 30. The number of visitors to the capital during the first quarter of this year was down 47 percent year-on-year to 3.85 million. Nearly 956,000 were foreigners, falling 44 percent, according to official data. The country welcomed nearly 3.7 million international tourists in the first quarter of this year, down 18.1 percent year-on-year, as entry was restricted and tourism destinations closed in response to the coronavirus pandemic. Vietnam’s Covid-19 infection count is 267. Of these, 98 are active while the remaining 169 have been discharged from hospitals. The Covid-19 pandemic has claimed over 126,000 lives in 210 countries and territories.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/german-man-caught-after-escaping-covid-19-quarantine-4084445.html|&nbspApril 14, 2020 02:30 pm GMT+7|German man caught after escaping Covid-19 quarantine|A German man who escaped from a Covid-19 quarantine facility in Thanh Hoa Province last Sunday was caught in Hanoi early Tuesday.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/breathing-is-precious-says-hanoi-nurse-after-covid-19-experience-4084061.html|&nbspApril 14, 2020 11:32 am GMT+7|Breathing is ‘precious,’ says Hanoi nurse after Covid-19 experience|"This is pure happiness... Now I can breathe the air and talk normally, which is so precious."
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/vietnam-records-no-new-covid-19-case-monday-morning-4090446.html|&nbspApril 27, 2020 06:22 am GMT+7|Vietnam records no new Covid-19 case Monday morning|Vietnam has entered its third consecutive day without any new Covid-19 infection, keeping its total count at 270 since Saturday morning. Of these, 45 patients are undergoing treatment and 225 have been discharged from hospitals. Among the active patients, 13 have tested negative once and three twice. However, there are five patients who have relapsed being monitored at different hospitals in the country. The Central Institute of Hygiene and Epidemiology in Hanoi and Ho Chi Minh City Pasteur Institute have cultured the virus taken from them to try and find the cause. By last Friday morning, Vietnam had gone eight straight days clear of new infections, but the evening saw two new cases, both students returning from Japan. They were quarantined on arrival and are now under treatment in Hanoi. From April 16, there has been no infection caused by community transmission. The country has 52,000 people in quarantine - 323 in hospitals, 11,000 in isolation facilities and the rest at home. The Covid-19 pandemic has spread to 210 countries and territories, with almost 207,000 deaths reported so far.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/pm-exhorts-united-asean-stand-in-covid-19-fight-4084950.html|&nbspApril 15, 2020 12:25 pm GMT+7|PM exhorts united ASEAN stand in Covid-19 fight|Vietnamese Prime Minister Nguyen Xuan Phuc says defeating the Covid-19 pandemic together will also prepare ASEAN and partners for other challenges.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/hcmc-to-test-international-arrivals-4-times-for-covid-19-during-quarantine-4093656.html|&nbspMay 4, 2020 12:00 pm GMT+7|HCMC to test international arrivals 4 times for Covid-19 during quarantine|Everyone arriving in HCMC from abroad will be quarantined for 14 days and tested on the first, fifth, 10th and last days of isolation. Dr Nguyen Tri Dung, director of the Ho Chi Minh City Center for Disease Control, said earlier the city only tested people on the first and last days in accordance with national Covid-19 safety protocols. "The decision to take samples four times for testing stems from HCMC’s evaluation of people entering the city during this period having a higher risk of nCoV infection than before," Dung said. HCMC and Vietnam's latest case, "Patient 271", diagnosed on Sunday, who arrived in HCMC from the U.K. in a private jet to work on a Petrovietnam project. He was quarantined on arrival on April 28 and tested negative. But a test five days later came out positive. The man has been moved to the city's Cu Chi field hospital for treatment. He arrived along with 12 other experts, all of whom have tested negative so far. The city has recorded a total of 55 cases. Six patients relapsed recently after being discharged, taking the number of active cases to eight. The rest recovered and were discharged from hospitals. Authorities will monitor recovered patients for 30 days after discharge instead of the earlier 14 days, and deploy measures to prevent relapses. They also monitor international flight crews arriving in the city, and have taken samples from 280 people so far. Vietnam began day 18 without community transmission on Monday. The country has 27,409 people in quarantine, including those who arrived from abroad and those who had come into contact with patients. Of them, 238 are in hospitals meant for Covid-19 treatment, 5,871 are in public quarantines and 21,300 are isolated at home. The pandemic has spread to 212 countries and territories, and claimed more than 248,000 lives.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/covid-19-special-discharged-british-man-tests-positive-again-4084216.html|&nbspApril 14, 2020 08:37 am GMT+7|Covid-19 special: Discharged British man tests positive again|In an unusual development, “Patient 22,” a British man discharged from Da Nang March 27 has tested positive again, putting HCMC on guard. He had come into contact with dozens of people in Ho Chi Minh City before leaving the country, local officials said. Authorities learnt of this special case Sunday evening, Nguyen Tan Binh, Director of HCMC Health Department said at a Monday afternoon meeting. He said that the Covid-19 illness might have recurred within the patient or he might have got infected again after he was discharged from the hospital in Da Nang. "From now on, visitors to Ho Chi Minh City must be closely monitored," Binh said. Reports had said that female "Patient 50," a 50-year-old Vietnamese man being treated in Hanoi, and "Patient 91," a 43-year-old British man in HCMC, had also tested positive after negative results and they are still undergoing treatment. Meanwhile, a report Monday said at least 116 people initially cleared of the novel coronavirus had tested positive again in South Korea. The report quoted Jeong Eun-kyeong, director of the Korea Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (KCDC), as saying the virus may have been reactivated rather than the patients being re-infected. It also cited other experts’ opinions that "faulty tests may be playing a role, or remnants of the virus may still be in patients’ systems but not be infectious or of danger to the host or others." The 66-year-old British man had flown into Hanoi from London on Vietnam Airlines flight VN54 on March 2. The British man was tracked down by local authorities as he toured the country. He tested positive on March 8 and was treated at Da Nang Hospital until after testing negative three times. He was later quarantined at a hotel in Son Tra District for 14 days. On April 10, he flew from Da Nang to HCMC and stayed at a hotel on Hong Ha Street in Tan Binh District while waiting to fly back to the U.K. His samples were taken and the result came out positive Sunday evening, but he’d already departed for home by then. The hotel where he stayed has been disinfected. Fourteen people who came into close contact with him have been sent to centralized quarantine facilities. Three hotel employees as well as 31 guests have been quarantined at the hotel and are being medically supervised. Authorities have contacted Vietnam Airlines to isolate and conduct tests on those who sat near him on the flight he took. Le Thanh Liem, Standing Vice Chairman of HCMC People's Committee, said: "The Ministry of Health has not officially announced this, but the city does not hide the fact and is providing the information to work with people who are relevant to the case. It would complicate things if any of the 14 people who came into close contact with the man tests positive, leading to other infections." As of Tuesday morning, Vietnam had recorded 265 Covid-19 cases. Of these, 145 have been discharged from hospitals. HCMC alone has recorded 54 cases and 40 discharges. Among the active cases, "Patient 91", a British pilot who works for Vietnam Airlines, is critically ill and is on ventilator support. There are two suspected cases who are awaiting test results, while 244 people are in centralized quarantine facilities and 411 others are home quarantined. Binh has directed local authorities to continue monitoring all people entering the city, including screening of passengers arriving at the Saigon Railway Station and the domestic terminal of the Tan Son Nhat Airport, where international flights have been suspended. Quarantine facilities must also be disinfected after occupants have left, he said.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/business/industries/hanoi-hotels-lose-49-pct-of-revenue-in-covid-19-impact-4091841.html|&nbspMay 4, 2020 06:57 am GMT+7|Hanoi hotels lose 49 pct of revenue in Covid-19 impact|A massive drop in international tourists arrivals saw Q1 revenues of Hanoi’s three to five star hotels fall 49 percent year-on-year. According to a new Savills Vietnam report, the average occupancy rate of three to five star hotels in Hanoi fell by 30 percent in the first quarter as a result of the steep fall in foreign tourist arrivals as the country imposed strict entry restrictions and also suspended all international flights. The average room rate in the first quarter for these hotels was down 13 percent year-on-year, the report said. It said the four-star and three-star segments were heavily affected with average revenues plunging 60 percent, forcing many to temporarily suspend operations and let their staff take unpaid leave. Data from the city’s Department of Tourism show 153 hotels in Hoan Kiem and Dong Da Districts in the downtown area have shut down between February and March. The capital has approximately 9,950 rooms in 66 hotels, 16 of which are five-star, 19 are four-star and 31 are three-star. The occupancy rate is unlikely to recover in the second quarter as Vietnam continues restricting entry of foreign nationals and requiring those few who are allowed to enter to be quarantined for 14 days. Hospitality and tourism have been hit hard by the Covid-19 crisis. Foreign tourist arrivals in Hanoi in the first quarter has been estimated at 756,000, down 37 percent year-on-year. Totally, Hanoi tourist arrivals in the first quarter dropped to a five-year low at 3.85 million and revenues fell 40 percent to VND15.6 trillion ($668.5 million), according to the city’s department of tourism. Hanoi last year welcomed 29 million tourists and related revenues hit VND103.8 trillion ($4.5 billion) for respective year-on-year increases of 10 percent and 34 percent.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/hanoi-records-another-covid-19-patient-from-locked-down-village-4084714.html|&nbspApril 15, 2020 06:38 am GMT+7|Hanoi records another Covid-19 patient from locked down village|A man in a family with two Covid-19 patients in Hanoi’s Ha Loi Village has tested positive for the virus. "Patient 267," 46, is the father of "Patient 257" and husband of "Patient 258." They are neighbors of "Patient 243," the first infection detected at the village in the capital city’s Me Linh District. The latest patient was sent to a quarantine camp on April 8 as the authorities tracked down all people suspected to have contracted the novel coronavirus. Five days later, he had symptoms of fever, fatigue, sore throat and body pain. The next day, he tested positive and is now being treated at the National Hospital of Tropical Diseases in Dong Anh District. The latest patient has brought the infection tally at Ha Loi to 13 and the nation’s count to 267. Of these, 98 are active and the remaining 169 have been discharged from hospitals. Ha Loi Village, with more than 11,000 people, has been placed under a lockdown since the night of April 7 for 28 days after the first three infections were confirmed. The country has recorded two infections in the last 24 hours, the other case being linked to the Bach Mai Hospital in Hanoi, the nation’s top hotspot that had its lockdown lifted last Sunday. The Covid-19 pandemic has claimed more than 126,000 lives as it hit 210 countries and territories.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/vnexpress-raises-funds-for-covid-19-fight-4072849.html|&nbspMarch 21, 2020 08:00 pm GMT+7|VnExpress raises funds for Covid-19 fight|VnExpress has launched a fund-raising campaign to support those in the frontline of the Covid-19 pandemic fight. VnExpress's Hope Foundation will use the funds to sponsor equipment for those working in major Covid-19 hotspots and are at risk of cross-infection. These include medical workers and many other Vietnamese agencies who are fighting the disease every day in each locality and at the nation’s borders. The launch recognizes that despite the ongoing pandemic, money must still flow, goods must still reach ports and border gates still need to be guarded. These tasks require tireless work from border guards and soldiers on land and at sea, as well as doctors and nurses who must stay active 24/7. No amount of support is too much during these trying times. Masks, protective suits and disinfecting chambers are some of the basic things needed that the VnExpress community can help provide. The evolving Covid-19 situation requires all segments of our society to contribute to this crucial fight. The speed and scale of support we provide could prove vital in fighting this pandemic effectively. As such, the Hope Foundation is inviting all VnExpress readers and well wishers to contribute their valuable mite to this effort. The donations will be used in forthright, transparent manner with the sole focus being the deliverance of right equipment to the right address. For more information regarding donation methods, kindly refer to . For those who opt to make donations online, please do so with this message format: (e.g. John Doe - Fight Covid). Thank you.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/vietnamese-german-dies-in-munich-of-covid-19-4083765.html|&nbspApril 13, 2020 09:27 am GMT+7|Vietnamese German dies in Munich of Covid-19|A 58-year-old German man of Vietnamese origin died last Saturday of Covid-19, the Vietnamese Embassy in Germany has confirmed. Nguyen Duc Son, 58, who hails from the Mekong Delta province of Ben Tre, lives in Munich and had contracted the virus from his wife. The Vietnamese Embassy in Frankfurt said he was probably the first person of Vietnamese origin to die of the Covid-19 disease in Germany. It was not known at the time of going to print if the man had any underlying health conditions. The health situation of his wife was not revealed either. More than 96,000 Vietnamese people lived in Germany as of 2018, making it the third biggest minority group in the country, according to data from Germany’s Federal Statistics Office. Earlier, living in Washington State nursing homes became the first overseas Vietnamese deaths caused by Covid-19. Germany is one of the countries hit hardest by the Covid-19 pandemic with nearly 128,000 infections and the death toll rising to 3,022 as of Monday morning. The German government imposed strict lockdown measures last month to stem the spread of the novel coronavirus, ordering all non-essential shops to close and banning any social contact among more than two people in public. Globally, the pandemic has spread to 210 countries and territories and death toll has risen to more than 114,000.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/two-europe-returnees-test-covid-19-positive-4072876.html|&nbspMarch 21, 2020 07:57 pm GMT+7|Two Europe returnees test Covid-19 positive|Two people returning from Hungary and the Czech Republic have contracted the novel coronavirus, raising the country’s Covid-19 tally to 94. "Patient 93" is a 20-year-old male student from Hungary, the Health Ministry said Saturday. He lives in Hanoi’s Dong Da District. He landed at Hanoi's Noi Bai Airport March 18 on Aeroflot flight SU290. His samples tested positive at the Hanoi Center for Disease Control on Friday, and again at the National Institute of Hygiene and Epidemiology on Saturday. "Patient 94" is a 64-year-old woman from the northern province of Bac Giang. She had visited her daughter in the Czech Republic on February 29. She landed at the Noi Bai airport on the same flight as "Patient 93." Both patients are being treated at the National Hospital of Tropical Diseases in Hanoi's Dong Anh District and their health is stable. Of Vietnam's 94 Covid-19 infections, 17 have been discharged from hospitals. Most of the active cases, now hospitalized in 11 cities and provinces, are returnees from Europe and the U.S. and people who’d come into close contact with them. Hanoi has the highest number of active patients at 29, followed by HCMC with 18. All the patients are in stable condition except for a 69-year-old British man and a 64-year-old Vietnamese woman who have been on ventilators since March 15. Two British patients in Hanoi have tested negative for the virus twice after several days of treatment. Patients will be discharged after testing negative three times in a row. The Covid-19 pandemic has spread to 186 countries and territories, claiming over 11,400 lives.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/samsung-factory-quarantined-after-worker-tests-covid-19-positive-4083891.html|&nbspApril 13, 2020 01:10 pm GMT+7|Samsung factory quarantined after worker tests Covid-19 positive|Authorities in Bac Ninh Province have isolated a Samsung Electronics Vietnam factory and quarantined dozens of employees after one tested Covid-19 positive. Nguyen Huong Giang, Chairwoman of the northern province, said 106 people, all factory employees, had come into close contact with a resident of Hanoi’s Ha Loi Village who was confirmed infected with the novel coronavirus on Monday morning. Of the 106, 42 have been sent to a centralized quarantine facility while the rest are being monitored further. "Patient 262," who works in the quality control department of the factory that produces TV screens, traveled by different company buses every day, so the number of contact people involved was large, Giang said. The 26-year-old man didn't develop signs of Covid-19 infection at the factory but at home in Ha Loi Village in Hanoi’s Me Linh District. He was quarantined on April 6. He had come into close contact with his infected uncle, "Patient 254," a resident of Ha Loi, on March 27 and developed symptoms of cough and fever three days later. Ha Loi is now under lockdown with 10 residents confirmed infected with Covid-19 The Samsung's infected worker is being treated at the National Hospital of Tropical Diseases in Hanoi’s Dong Anh District. On Monday, the entire factory where "Patient 262" works, including 20 other employees, were placed under medical quarantine. Other plants in the province are operating normally. "On Sunday night, medical staff disinfected the entire workshop where the infected worker works as well as the buses to prevent the virus from spreading further," Giang said. Since the beginning of the Covid-19 outbreak, Samsung Bac Ninh has designed bulkheads to prevent droplets between workers so the level of safety is higher, she added. A representative of Samsung factory in Bac Ninh said the company has three independent factories that produce screens, batteries and mobile phones. Samsung, the world’s biggest smartphone maker, is the largest FDI firm in Vietnam, employing around 160,000 people. Samsung Electronics accounts for a quarter of Vietnam’s exports, and the Southeast Asian country is South Korea’s third-biggest export market, and the fifth-biggest source of South Korea’s imports. Vietnam’s Covid-19 count stands at 262, with 144 discharged after recovery. Globally, the Covid-19’s death toll has jumped to more than 114,000 as it attacked 210 countries and territories.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/two-vietnamese-americans-die-of-covid-19-4071485.html|&nbspMarch 19, 2020 08:00 am GMT+7|Two Vietnamese Americans die of Covid-19|Two elderly Vietnamese Americans living in Washington State nursing homes have died of Covid-19, becoming the first overseas Vietnamese to be killed by the pandemic. Their deaths have been confirmed by the Vietnamese embassy in the U.S. One of the victims is a 74-year-old woman, who died Monday, U.S. time, in Seattle City, Washington, the state with the highest Covid-19 deaths in the U.S. This person was found to have symptoms of the Covid-19, the pneumonia caused by the novel coronavirus, on March 9 when she was residing at a nursing home. She was hospitalized and died one week later. The second case has been confirmed as a blind elderly, whose gender has not been revealed, living at another nursing home in Washington. The patient contracted a fever last Thursday before testing positive for the new coronavirus. Admitted to a hospital the same day, the patient died 24 hours later. It is reported that the second nursing home had already recorded Covid-19 deaths, but other people who had come in close contact with that victim were not tested and checked. These two deaths are the first members of the overseas Vietnamese communities that have been killed by the Covid-19 pandemic, which has affected 173 countries and territories and has claimed almost 9000 lives. The number of infections in the U.S. has jumped to 9,261, with 150 deaths. Vietnam has so far recorded 76 infected cases, including 60 active ones, and no deaths.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/business/economy/vietnam-cuts-electricity-price-to-ease-covid-19-burden-4083716.html|&nbspApril 13, 2020 09:08 am GMT+7|Vietnam cuts electricity price to ease Covid-19 burden|The government has given the thumbs up to a proposed electricity price discount of 10 percent for the months of April, May and June. The proposal by the Ministry of Industry and Trade aims to support citizens and businesses amid the Covid-19 epidemic. The ministry, however, would be gathering opinions from other ministries and sectors on guidance documents until the end of Tuesday before issuing an official decision. Under the current proposal, a 10 percent reduction would be applied to electricity prices for households at tiers 1-4 (electricity consumption below 300 kWh). Businesses would also receive a 10 percent discount during peak, normal and off-peak hours, while tourist accommodation would be entitled to the same electricity prices as households and production firms. Establishments used for the concentrated quarantine or treatment of confirmed and suspected Covid-19 patients would be exempted from paying electricity bills, while those that provide medical examinations, testing and treatment for confirmed and suspected Covid-19 cases would receive a 20 percent discount in electricity prices. Hotels and tourist accommodation that have been used to quarantine confirmed and suspected Covid-19 patients would also be entitled to a 20 percent price downgrade. Electricity price reductions would be applied to bills for electricity consumption in April, May and June, or bills received in May, June and July. According to calculations, the total value of this support package for electricity consumers would be nearly VND11 trillion ($470 million), of which the amount in electricity bills saved would be VND6.1 trillion ($262.93 million) for businesses, VND2.9 trillion ($125 milion) for households, VND1.8 trillion ($77.59 million) for tourist accommodation and VND100 billion ($4.3 million) for establishments taking part in the fight against Covid-19.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/sports/football/covid-19-restrictions-cause-afc-cup-postponement-4071567.html|&nbspMarch 19, 2020 10:20 am GMT+7|Covid-19 restrictions cause AFC Cup postponement|The 2020 AFC Cup, with Vietnamese clubs HCMC FC and Than Quang Ninh still in the fray, has been postponed indefinitely. "Following the imposition of further preventive measures and travel restrictions by several national governments due to the current Covid-19 pandemic, the Asian Football Confederation (AFC) has decided today to postpone all AFC Cup 2020 matches until further notice," the governing body said in a statement. The decision is a precautionary measure to ensure the safety and well-being of all participating players and teams, it said. It will closely monitor the situation before deciding when to resume the tournament. HCMC FC had been scheduled to play Lao Toyota on April 15 and Myanmarese club Yangon United on April 29 at home. Than Quang Ninh were to have played Cambodian side Svay Rieng on April 15 and Indonesia’s Bali United on April 29 also at home. HCMC top group F while Than Quang Ninh are second in group G. Both have a great chance to advance to the next round if they can manage to win their next two games. The Covid-19 pandemic has caused the suspension of all football tournaments around the world, including top European national leagues. The highly anticipated 2020 UEFA Euro has been postponed to 2021.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/hanoi-saigon-schools-deploy-strict-covid-19-measures-as-classes-recommence-4093776.html|&nbspMay 4, 2020 02:48 pm GMT+7|Hanoi, Saigon schools deploy strict Covid-19 measures as classes recommence|Students returning to school in Vietnam’s two largest metropolises have to undergo body temperature checks and sanitize their hands to keep coronavirus at bay.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/hanoi-hospital-discharges-covid-19-british-patient-with-blood-cancer-4083775.html|&nbspApril 14, 2020 11:06 am GMT+7|Hanoi hospital discharges Covid-19 British patient with blood cancer|‘If we got sick in Britain, we might not have been saved,’ said a grateful nurse whose husband was discharged Monday night. The British man brings the number of discharges in Vietnam to 146. The nation has confirmed 265 cases so far, and 119 are still under treatment.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/another-malaysia-returnee-tests-covid-19-positive-4070591.html|&nbspMarch 18, 2020 10:37 am GMT+7|Another Malaysia returnee tests Covid-19 positive|A 36-year-old native of Ninh Thuan Province returning from Malaysia is the country’s 67th patient of Covid-19, the Health Ministry said Wednesday. The patient flew to Malaysia on February 27 and returned to Vietnam on flight VJ826 landing March 4 at the Tan Son Nhat Airport. He was accompanied by a 42-year-old Ninh Thuan native, who was confirmed infected on Monday. Samples of the new patient were tested by the Pasteur Institute in Nha Trang. He has been quarantined and is being treated at the Ninh Thuan General Hospital. Both Malaysia returnees are residents of Thuan Nam District in the south central province. They had attended an Islamic event in Malaysia that gathered more than 16,000 people. Authorities have made an urgent announcement to look for people who attended the event after hundreds of participants in Malaysia have contracted the novel coronavirus. Malaysia is the worst-hit country by the Covid-19 pandemic in Southeast Asia, with 673 infections and two deaths. The Pasteur Institute in Nha Trang has received samples from 16 other people who’d come into close contact with the infected people in Ninh Thuan. have been detected since March 6, prior to which the nation had gone 22 days without a new case. The previous 16 patients have been discharged from hospitals. The Covid-19 pandemic has spread to 165 countries and territories, claiming nearly 8,000 lives.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/two-hanoi-nurses-become-covid-19-patients-4071673.html|&nbspMarch 20, 2020 04:26 pm GMT+7|Two Hanoi nurses become Covid-19 patients|Two female nurses at Hanoi's Bach Mai Hospital are Vietnam's first Covid-19 patients among the medical cadre, raising the country's tally to 87. "Patient 87" is a 34-year-old nurse receiving people at the Covid-19 quarantine zone in the hospital's Center for Tropical Diseases. She exhibited symptoms like fatigue, fever and cough on March 18, and tested positive for Covid-19 the same day. She was then quarantined at the National Hospital for Tropical Diseases in Dong Anh District for quarantine and the second test also came back positive on the night of March 19. "Patient 86" is another nurse working at the HIV Outpatient Clinic of the hospital's Center for Tropical Diseases. The two nurses had come into contact with each other while working. "Patient 86," 54, had gone with her family on a vacation from Hanoi to Con Dao on March 6 and returned two days later. She went to work as usual on March 9, asymptomatic. She felt some chest tightening on March 11, but had no cough or fever. She was admitted to Bach Mai's Heart Institute for four days to treat hypertension and tightness in the chest. On March 19, she was discharged from the Heart Institute. But as she was confirmed to have been in close contact with "Patient 87," she was given a Covid-19 test on March 19, and the result came back positive. She tested positive the second time on March 20, and has been quarantined for treatment in the same hospital as the other nurse. The Center for Tropical Diseases in Bach Mai has decided to stop receiving in-house patients starting Wednesday night, and two hospital rooms used for health checks and Covid-19 screening would stop operating starting Thursday. In-house patients currently being treated in Bach Mai would be transferred to the National Hospital for Tropical Disease. The center has been disinfected. Those who came in close contact with the nurses have tested negative for the coronavirus once, hospital officials said. They are now quarantined in a separate section of the hospital and will have their health closely monitored for 14 days per protocol. The quarantine zone of Bach Mai is situated on the first floor. Employees working here are equipped with hats, masks, glasses and clothes, among other protective gear. Patient 87 has worked there since early February. So far, 17 infected patients in Vietnam have been cured and discharged. The Covid-19 pandemic has spread to 182 countries and territories, claiming over 10,000 lives.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/covid-19-fight-far-from-over-deputy-pm-4082977.html|&nbspApril 11, 2020 11:25 am GMT+7|Covid-19 fight far from over: Deputy PM|Deputy PM Vu Duc Dam says Vietnam got many things right about handling the Covid-19 crisis, but warned “the war is still ahead.”
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/vietnam-confirms-eight-new-covid-19-infections-4071413.html|&nbspMarch 18, 2020 09:29 pm GMT+7|Vietnam confirms eight new Covid-19 infections|Vietnam Wednesday confirmed eight new coronavirus cases – three foreigners and five Vietnamese including a 11-year-old boy – bringing the national Covid-19 total to 76. "Patient 69" is a 30-year old German man who landed March 13 in Hanoi on flight Aeroflot flight SU290 from Moscow. He had visited several tourist destinations in the capital city from March 13-15. On March 15, he developed a fever and was taken to a local clinic before being transferred to the National Hospital for Tropical Diseases in Hanoi's Dong Anh District. "Patient 70" and "Patient 71" are two 19-year-old students, male and female, returning from the U.K. They landed in Hanoi March 16 on Turkish Airlines flight TK164. The students and those who’d come in contact them are quarantined at the National Hospital for Tropical Diseases. "Patient 72" is a 25-year old French woman who landed March 9 in Hanoi. She traveled to the northern province of Ninh Binh before returning to Hanoi on March 15 when she was taken to the National Hospital for Tropical Diseases. "Patient 73" is an 11-year-old Vietnamese boy who landed March 9 in Hanoi on Vietnam Airlines flight VN54 from London. He went to his house in the northern province of Hai Duong and was quarantined at a medical center there. Test results revealed Wednesday that he was Covid-19 positive. "Patient 74" is a 23-year old Vietnamese man from the northern province of Phu Tho. He landed in Hanoi March 16 on Vietnam Airlines flight VN18 from Paris and was quarantined at the Bac Ninh General Hospital in the eponymous province. "Patient 75" is a 40-year old Vietnamese woman living in District 2, HCMC. She had left HCMC for London on March 4 and returned on March 15 on Vietnam Airlines flight VN50. She has been quarantined at the Cu Chi field hospital in HCMC. "Patient 76" is a 52-year old Frenchman who landed in HCMC on March 10 from France. From then until March 16 he traveled to Can Tho, Hoi An, Hue and Ninh Binh. Health authorities in Ninh Binh Province tested his samples and found they were positive for the novel coronavirus. He is being treated at the National Hospital for Tropical Diseases. The flight details for "Patients 72" and "Patient 76" were not available at the time of publishing. All eight patients are in stable condition. The eight additions, making 10 in total for the day, have taken the total number of Covid-19 cases in Vietnam to 76, 60 of which are active. The previous 16 patients have been discharged from hospitals.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/culture-barriers-challenge-doctors-treating-foreign-covid-19-patients-4083041.html|&nbspApril 12, 2020 08:55 am GMT+7|Culture barriers challenge doctors treating foreign Covid-19 patients|A senior doctor in Hanoi says cultural barriers make it difficult to feed and treat foreign Covid-19 patients. Nguyen Trung Cap, Head of the Emergency Department at the National Hospital of Tropical Diseases in Hanoi, said preparing a meal that fits foreigners’ tastes while trying to maintain a balanced diet for them was not easy. He also said that several foreign patients have not cooperated with the doctors at the beginning of hospitalization and some have even refused Vietnam's treatment methods due to cultural differences. Cap cited "Patient 237" as an example. The 64-year-old Swedish man with blood cancer, who’d been traveling in Vietnam since last December, refused to cooperate with local authorities after learning he’d contracted the virus. "We had to try to convince the patient to cooperate with us," Cap said, recalling the time when the patient was transferred to his department. The Swedish recovered and was discharged from Friday. "Similarly, we tried to persuade the patient into letting us carry out the Vietnamese treatment. If a patient refuses this method and rejects taking medicines prescribed by us, we have to find another treatment method." Hanoi's National Hospital of Tropical Diseases has been treating the most of 258 Covid-19 cases recorded in Vietnam so far, with dozens of cases still under treatment. Do Thi Phuong Mai, Deputy Director of the General Bacterial Infection Department in the same hospital, said bed-ridden patients have to be bathed daily to protect them from developing rashes. "Foreign patients are big, which makes bathing them more difficult, requiring at least two people," Mai said. Cap said that the hospital had earlier treated just five Covid-19 patients who’d returned from Wuhan at the beginning of the outbreak. Since these patients were mostly young people and fully cooperated with the doctors, the treatment process was smooth. But among the new waves of patients, many are elderly people who suffer from underlying medical conditions, and treating them is a greater challenge. Cap cited the case of an 88-year-old woman who has suffered a stroke and is bedridden, "Patient 161," saying such people are "harder hit by the virus." Vietnam has 114 active cases of Covid-19 as of Sunday, 12 have tested negative twice and 13 once. The Covid-19 pandemic has claimed more than 108,700 lives as it spread to 210 countries and territories.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/vietnam-confirms-49th-covid-19-case-4069259.html|&nbspMarch 14, 2020 02:36 pm GMT+7|Vietnam confirms 49th Covid-19 case|A 71-year-old British man on the VN54 flight that landed in Hanoi on March 2 has been found Covid-19 positive, the Health Ministry announced Saturday. The septuagenarian is the husband of another infected British passenger who'd come in on the same flight. The man has been quarantined and is being treated at the Hue Central Hospital in central Hue town since March 8. So far, 14 passengers on board Vietnam Airlines flight VN54 from London to Hanoi on March 2 have tested positive for Covid-19. The flight had carried 217 passengers and crew members. Vietnam has confirmed 49 Covid-19 infection so far, but 16 of them were discharged weeks ago. The nation had gone for 22 days without a new infection before Nguyen Hong Nhung, a 26-year old woman returning from London on flight VN54 on March 2, tested positive for the novel coronavirus on March 6. The Covid-19 outbreak has spread to 145 countries and territories around the world, with the death toll climbing to over 5,400.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/life/trend/overseas-vietnamese-mask-gap-in-counter-covid-19-supplies-4081943.html|&nbspApril 11, 2020 09:05 pm GMT+7|Overseas Vietnamese mask gap in counter-Covid-19 supplies|Kati Nguyen sews and teaches her fellow Vietnamese in America how to make masks for local hospitals.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/two-new-cases-take-national-covid-19-count-to-257-4082898.html|&nbspApril 10, 2020 06:32 pm GMT+7|Two new cases take national Covid-19 count to 257|The Health Ministry confirmed two new Covid-19 infections Friday evening – one person returning from Russia and another infected by a Hanoi patient. The new cases take the country's count of active infections to 113, after the number of discharges from hospitals rose to 144 Friday, with no death recorded to date. "Patient 256" is a 52-year-old resident of Van Lam District in the northern province of Hung Yen. He landed in Hanoi March 27 at the Noi Bai International Airport on Aeroflot flight SU290 from Russia. He was quarantined upon arrival and is now being treated at the National Hospital of Tropical Disease. "Patient 257" is a 15-year-old girl who resides in Ha Loi Village, Me Linh District, Hanoi. On March 20, a man who is her father's friend and later became "Patient 243," visited her house. She tested positive April 8 after developing a fever and a runny nose. "Patient 243" is a 47-year-old resident of Ha Loi Village. On March 12, he took his wife to the Bach Mai Hospital's department of immunology and allergy for a check-up. Nine days later he had a fever and suffered body pain. On March 30 he visited a commune medical facility to submit his health declaration, and was told to self-quarantine at home. By then he’d had close contact with family members and business partners. His samples were taken on April 4 by the Hanoi Center for Disease Control and the results came back positive two days later. His family members have been quarantined. Two of his neighbors have also tested positive. The Bach Mai Hospital in Dong Da District is currently the country's biggest Covid-19 hotspot. Ha Loi Village has recorded five Covid-19 cases so far – patients 243, 250, 253, 254 and the latest, 257. The whole village, with 2,711 households and 11,077 people, has been isolated. The Health Ministry Friday sent a team of pandemic experts to Ha Loi Village to help locals tackle their new situation. The nation has entered the third stage of the epidemic with several community transmission cases and some cases where the transmission source has not been detected yet. The situation requires strict social distancing, Deputy Health Minister Nguyen Truong Son said Tuesday. The Covid-19 pandemic has affected 210 countries and territories, claiming the lives of more than 95,700 people.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/business/companies/hcmc-wants-biggest-employer-to-close-over-covid-19-risks-4083584.html|&nbspApril 12, 2020 05:42 pm GMT+7|HCMC wants biggest employer to close over Covid-19 risks|HCMC has asked for prime ministerial permission to suspend operations of footwear maker Pouyuen Vietnam Co. Ltd., over Covid-19 safety concerns. The temporary closure of the Taiwan-invested shoemaker is necessary because it employs almost 70,000 workers working three shifts and uses over 800 vehicles for transportation every day. This means a high risk of Covid-19 infections, said HCMC People’s Committee Chairman Nguyen Thanh Phong in a letter to the Prime Minister late Saturday. If an outbreak occurs at Pouyuen, the consequences will be severe because Covid-19 could very well spread to workers in nearby businesses and HCMC’s four neighbouring provinces of Long An, Tien Giang, Ben Tre and Tay Ninh. As such, from April 13-15, the end of Vietnam’s social distancing campaign, pending the PM’s response, the letter said. The city had on April 6 inspected Pouyuen’s premises and found that the novel coronavirus infection risk indicator at this company was 81 percent, while municipal regulations stipulate that companies with a Covid-19 infection risk indicator of more than 80 percent must be closed temporarily. There are 10 metrics used to measure Covid-19 infection risks, including: the number of employees working in the same area at the same time; worker density measured per square meter in factories; the rate of employees washing hands when entering and leaving the company; the rate of employees wearing face masks while working; and the rate of employees having body temperatures checked before entering the company. "The city acknowledges Pouyuen’s efforts to remedy Covid-19 risk factors, but the municipal Health Department and the Department of Labor, Invalids and Social Affairs have both requested that the Ho Chi Minh City People's Committee temporarily suspends operations of the company to ensure the absolute safety of workers," the administration told the PM. On Saturday, the city administration had a working session with Pouyuen, which later implemented several new measures to reduce Covid-19 risk factors at its premises. This included setting up shields at dining tables in the canteen to avoid direct contact among employees when eating; arranging for employees to work in different shifts to avoid having too many of them gather at the same place at the same time; and checking the body temperature of all people going in and out the company every day, the company said. HCMC is home to 450,000 companies with 3.8 million employees. The city comes second after Hanoi in the number of Covid-19 cases at 54, of whom 40 have been discharged. Hanoi now has 121 cases and 58 discharges. Vietnam had 114 active cases after 144 discharges as of Sunday morning. On Monday, Deputy Minister of Health Nguyen Thanh Long suggested Vietnam should extend its social distancing campaign beyond its April 1-15 duration to curb community transmission of the virus.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/hanoi-party-leader-warns-against-complacency-in-covid-19-fight-4083168.html|&nbspApril 11, 2020 03:00 pm GMT+7|Hanoi Party leader warns against complacency in Covid-19 fight|Hanoi’s Party leader has warned residents that the complacency they have demonstrated over the last few days is unwarranted and dangerous. Vuong Dinh Hue said that the images of Hanoians hitting the streets in large numbers over the past few days show that residents have become complacent in the Covid-19 fight. At a Friday meeting of the city's Steering Committee on the Prevention and Control of Covid-19 on Friday, Hue said that in over a month since discovering its first case, "the city has basically contained Covid-19." Hue expressed gratitude to the forces directly fighting the epidemic over the past month, especially doctors, the police, the military, Party officials and village leaders. He also thanked city residents for "sharing the difficulties" and seriously complying with the city’s and the government's epidemic prevention and control measures. However, he warned that the Covid-19 epidemic could still develop in complicated ways as it has become difficult to determine the source of infection in the community, and criticized the complacency shown by a number of Hanoi residents who’ve been going outside in recent days. "We absolutely must not be negligent or complacent. The closer we are to victory, the more arduous it becomes," Hue emphasized, adding that the decision to implement social distancing was "a difficult but very important one to prevent the epidemic." He also voiced agreement with the Long Bien District Party secretary's opinion that the public must comply with social distancing instructions "as if it's wartime." "The novel coronavirus is difficult to detect, easy to spread and does not exempt anyone. Therefore, during this time, loving each other means keeping your distance. This is the best way to stop the epidemic," he said. Hanoi Chairman Nguyen Duc Chung repeated his call for people not to go outside except for essential reasons, and stressed again that "if just 10 percent of the people don't comply, then everything we've done and directed in organizing quarantines and social distancing would have no value." Chung agreed with a proposal from Me Linh District officials that all nearly 11,000 residents of its Ha Loi Village, where several Covid-19 cases had already been discovered, are tested for the virus. The city had already collected samples from nearly 3,000 residents, and would be conducting rapid tests at a number of markets and public places, he said. Hanoi has also stepped up enforcement of social distancing, with authorities in Hai Ba Trung District's Vinh Tuy Ward issuing fines of VND200,000 ($8.58) each to 28 people for going out for "non-essential" reasons. The violators, most of whom were residents of the Times City residential area, were found going out to exercise and violating social distancing regulations that the city had issued to prevent the spread of Covid-19. "The population density in the area is very high due to the profusion of apartment buildings. The ward police have set up checkpoints around the area to remind people to comply with the measures the government and the city have taken," a Vinh Tuy Ward leader said. As of Saturday, Hanoi had recorded 120 Covid-19 cases, of which 58 had been discharged. The city has only recorded five new cases over the past week, a fifth of the number recorded in the previous week. Nguyen Khac Hien, director of the city's health department, warned that some of the new cases had traveled to many areas and met many people prior to being discovered. Vietnam as a whole had recorded 257 Covid-19 cases as of Saturday morning, 144 of whom have recovered and been discharged from hospitals. Globally, the Covid-19 pandemic has claimed over 102,800 lives as it spread to 210 countries and territories.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/vietnam-mulls-plasma-use-for-critically-ill-covid-19-patients-4082669.html|&nbspApril 10, 2020 03:21 pm GMT+7|Vietnam mulls plasma use for critically ill Covid-19 patients|Vietnamese experts in hematology and infectious diseases are studying the use of plasma from recovered Covid-19 patients to treat those in critical condition.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/binh-thuan-discharges-its-last-two-covid-19-patients-4082685.html|&nbspApril 10, 2020 02:18 pm GMT+7|Binh Thuan discharges its last two Covid-19 patients|The last two Covid-19 patients in Binh Thuan Province were discharged Friday, bringing the national tally of active cases down to 122. The Covid-19 pandemic has affected 209 countries and territories, claiming the lives of more than 95,700 people.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/covid-19-impact-vietnamese-rediscover-joy-of-eating-at-home-4081284.html|&nbspApril 9, 2020 04:00 pm GMT+7|Covid-19 impact: Vietnamese rediscover joy of eating at home|Vietnamese people are likely to eat out less and spend more time at home after life returns to post-Covid-19 normal.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/president-trump-thanks-vietnam-for-shipping-covid-19-protective-suits-4081958.html|&nbspApril 9, 2020 11:06 am GMT+7|President Trump thanks Vietnam for shipping Covid-19 protective suits|U.S. President Donald Trump expressed his gratitude to Vietnam Thursday for sending 450,000 protective suits to help frontline healthcare professionals fight the Covid-19 pandemic.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/hanoi-woman-is-vietnam-s-covid-19-patient-258-4083265.html|&nbspApril 11, 2020 06:38 pm GMT+7|Hanoi woman is Vietnam's Covid-19 ‘Patient 258’|A 47-year-old woman who lives in Hanoi’s Ha Loi Village has tested Covid-19 positive, taking the country's tally to 258. "Patient 258" is the mother of , a 15-year-old girl who was confirmed infected Friday night. The woman, whose samples were confirmed positive Saturday, is being treated at the National Hospital for Tropical Diseases in Hanoi. Ha Loi Village in Me Linh District has recorded six Covid-19 cases so far – Patients 243, 250, 253, 254, 257 and 258. The whole village, with 2,711 households and 11,077 people, has been isolated and all residents are being tested for the novel coronavirus. The Health Ministry Friday sent a team of pandemic experts to Ha Loi Village to help locals tackle their new situation. The nation has entered the third stage of the epidemic with several community transmission cases and some cases where the transmission source has not been detected yet. The situation requires strict social distancing, Deputy Health Minister Nguyen Truong Son said Tuesday. Of Vietnam’s 258 Covid-19 infections so far, 144 have been discharged from hospitals. Among 114 active cases, 12 have tested negative twice and 13, once. The Covid-19 pandemic has claimed 102,600 lives in 210 countries and territories.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/no-new-covid-19-patient-in-vietnam-friday-morning-4082120.html|&nbspApril 10, 2020 06:40 am GMT+7|No new Covid-19 patient in Vietnam Friday morning|Vietnam has not recorded any Covid-19 case since Thursday evening, keeping the tally at 255, the Health Ministry said early Friday. Over the past 24 hours, , two community transmission cases in Hanoi and two returnees from Cambodia and Russia. With two people released Thursday, the number of Covid-19 patients discharged rose to 128. Another 14 are expected to be discharged Friday from Hanoi and Bac Ninh in the north, and Da Nang and Binh Thuan in the central region. Among the remaining active infections, 18 have tested negative twice and 17 at least once. As of Friday morning, Vietnam had quarantined 74,941 people coming from infected areas overseas. The nation had also entered the third stage of the epidemic with several community transmission cases and some sources of transmission yet to be detected. The situation requires strict social distancing, Deputy Health Minister Nguyen Truong Son said Tuesday. Hanoi leads the nation in the number of Covid-19 cases in Vietnam with 118 cases, of whom 49 have been discharged; followed by HCMC with 54 cases and 37 discharges. The Covid-19 pandemic has claimed 95,500 lives as it spread to 209 countries and territories.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/11-patients-discharged-active-covid-19-cases-down-to-111-4082820.html|&nbspApril 10, 2020 04:35 pm GMT+7|11 patients discharged, active Covid-19 cases down to 111|A boy in HCMC, a woman in Da Nang and nine people in Hanoi are the latest Covid-19 patients released from hospitals in Vietnam.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/three-more-discharges-take-covid-19-recovery-tally-to-131-4082617.html|&nbspApril 10, 2020 11:36 am GMT+7|Three more discharges take Covid-19 recovery tally to 131|Three Covid-19 patients - two in HCMC and one in Bac Ninh – were released from hospitals Friday morning, taking the nationwide discharge total to 131.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/taiwan-invested-firm-at-risk-of-becoming-covid-19-hotspot-4083153.html|&nbspApril 11, 2020 01:45 pm GMT+7|Taiwan invested firm at risk of becoming Covid-19 hotspot|Footwear maker Pouyuen Vietnam Co. Ltd., HCMC’s biggest employer, has been asked to scale down operations over Covid-19 safety concerns.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/business/economy/survey-collects-business-inputs-on-covid-19-crisis-4081110.html|&nbspApril 8, 2020 12:05 pm GMT+7|Survey collects business inputs on Covid-19 crisis|If your business has been experiencing difficulties and deploying measures to ride out the Covid-19 crisis, a new survey would like to hear from you. The Private Sector Development Committee (Committee IV) and are conducting a survey to find out how businesses in Vietnam are coping with the pandemic. Committee IV, under the Advisory Council on Administrative Procedure Reform to the Prime Minister, seeks to identify effective solutions and practices businesses are implementing to overcome the pandemic and prevent economic recession and unemployment. The result of the survey will be shared with the businesses themselves for reference and application of the most effective, suitable measures. They will also be used to advise the Prime Minister and his cabinet leaders on coming up with more effective policies for enterprises during and after the pandemic. In the interests of the business community in Vietnam and in the larger national socio-economic interest, businesses are invited to complete the survey here ( ) by April 13, 2020.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/business/economy/covid-19-could-bankrupt-50-pct-of-vietnamese-enterprises-vcci-4081637.html|&nbspApril 9, 2020 06:44 pm GMT+7|Covid-19 could bankrupt 50 pct of Vietnamese enterprises: VCCI|If the Covid-19 crisis prolongs, as many as 50 percent of Vietnamese businesses could go under, a VCCI survey has found.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/business/industries/airport-railway-operators-suffer-as-covid-19-applies-transportation-brakes-4081066.html|&nbspApril 9, 2020 06:00 pm GMT+7|Airport, railway operators suffer as Covid-19 applies transportation brakes|Vietnam’s airport and railway operators have respectively seen a 24 percent profit drop and a $4 million loss as Covid-19 puts the breaks on transportation. The Airports Corporation of Vietnam (ACV) saw its pre-tax profits in the first quarter go down 24 percent year-on-year to VND1.86 trillion ($78 million), according to a recent report by the Commission for Management of State Capital at Enterprises (CMSC). The ACV, which operates 21 airports, now estimates its pre-tax profits at VND1.48 trillion ($63 million) for the whole year, down 86 percent from last year. It has also forecast that domestic demand for air travel in April and May will continue to be 60-70 percent lower year-on-year. A recovery is expected in June, but as schools are set to open throughout the summer to make up for the long break, travel demand might not jump during this period as it usually does. The Vietnam Railway Corporation (VNR), meanwhile, saw its Q1 revenue down 11 percent year-on-year to VND528 billion ($23 million), with just one train route operating. It recorded a loss of VND100 billion ($4.3 million) in Q1 and estimates the figure could rise nine-fold to VND935 billion ($40 million) for the whole year. The Vietnam National Shipping Lines (Vinalines) has also reported a Q1 loss of VND113 billion ($4.8 million), with shipping demand to and from China, Europe and the U.S. plummeting. Shipping and logistics volumes have dropped by 40 percent year-on-year and most of its ships now do not have orders. The Vietnam Expressway Corporation (VEC), which operates the nation’s expressways, estimates a loss of VND140 billion ($6 million) for the year as revenue from tolls fall. The CMSC report says most of the 19 state-owned corporations are struggling because of the pandemic. Their losses could reach VND26.3 trillion ($1.2 billion) for the whole year, it estimates.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/life/culture/the-guardian-runs-feature-on-vietnamese-covid-19-posters-4082194.html|&nbspApril 10, 2020 11:00 am GMT+7|The Guardian runs feature on Vietnamese Covid-19 posters|The Guardian, world renowned British newspaper, has praised Vietnamese artists for using their talent to join the nation’s Covid-19 fight.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/vietnam-records-no-new-covid-19-case-in-24-hours-4080001.html|&nbspApril 9, 2020 06:42 am GMT+7|Vietnam records no new Covid-19 case in 24 hours|Vietnam’s Covid-19 count remained at 251 Thursday morning, the first time the country has stayed clean for 24 hours in over a month. Half the number of patients, 126, have been discharged from hospitals. Of the active ones, 25 have tested negative once and 17 twice, the latter qualified to be discharged soon under Health Ministry regulations. Until now, Vietnam has not recorded a single Covid-19 death. The Health Ministry said Wednesday the pandemic has entered the third stage in Vietnam with the reporting of community transmissions. The first stage, which began late January, saw the nation record 16 cases by mid-February, with many cases linked to Wuhan in China, where the novel coronavirus broke out. Then the country went 22 days in a row without any new cases before the second stage began March 6, with a wave of infected people returning from abroad, particularly Europe. The third stage, as defined by the Health Ministry, is the community transmission stage when more than a few locals have got infected and the source of transmission is yet to be identified. To deal with this, more drastic social distancing will be needed to curb infection, track down the source and locate the stricken areas for isolation, Deputy Health Minister Nguyen Truong Son said. "The central government, related agencies and local authorities have taken strong measures to prevent the spread of infection. If everyone strictly follows the ‘social distancing’ rules, we can totally slow down the epidemic and even bring it under control," he said. Vietnam is still in a 15-day social distancing campaign launched April 1. During this period, people have been told not to venture outside their homes except for "essential" reasons like buying food and medicine or other emergencies. The Covid-19 pandemic has affected 209 countries and territories, and claimed more than 88,300 lives.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/hanoi-to-jail-those-spreading-fake-news-on-covid-19-4080964.html|&nbspApril 7, 2020 06:00 pm GMT+7|Hanoi to jail those spreading fake news on Covid-19|Hanoi police will launch criminal investigations that could lead to jail terms of up to seven years for those posting false Covid-19 information. The police department in the capital city said many people have made use of the complicated development of the Covid-19 pandemic to spread false information on social media to generate likes, views and shares. This has sowed confusion among people and made it more difficult to take preventive action against the novel coronavirus, the department said. To tighten control over the propagation of fake news, Hanoi police will launch criminal investigations into suspects. Anyone posting fraudulent information on the Covid-19 disease causing negative impacts on the public’s response will be investigated for "illegally posting or using information on computer networks and telecommunication networks," an offense that carries a maximum prison term of seven years. In case anyone spreads personal and private information or insults the dignity and honor of health workers on the frontline of the epidemic fight, as well as of patients and suspects, they will be investigated for "insulting others" and face a jail term of up to five years. Police and other Hanoi authorities have called on residents to be more discerning about the information they receive, and follow official sources on the epidemic in Vietnam. Ever since the Covid-19 broke out in Vietnam, police in Hanoi have handled more than 70 cases of spreading fake news. Other localities have reported hundreds of such cases, too. Not a single person has faced criminal charges so far, though many have been fined VND10-15 million ($427- 641) under a decree on administrative violations of post and telecommunications, information technology and radio frequency regulations. Last month, Vietnam’s Supreme People’s Court asked all civil and military courts across the country to apply Article 240 in the 2015 Penal Code in the context of the country entering a critical stage in its Covid-19 fight. Those making fraudulent medical declarations when returning to Vietnam from Covid-19 stricken areas can be jailed for up to five years. Vietnam has recorded 245 cases of Covid-19 and 117 have been discharged from hospitals.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/hanoi-migrants-stay-afloat-as-covid-19-contracts-economy-4081189.html|&nbspApril 9, 2020 09:31 am GMT+7|Hanoi migrants stay afloat as Covid-19 contracts economy|For Hanoi’s slum dwellers, losing their livelihoods are often far more concerning than the new coronavirus itself.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/vietnam-goes-six-days-straight-with-zero-fresh-covid-19-cases-4092504.html|&nbspApril 30, 2020 07:19 pm GMT+7|Vietnam goes six days straight with zero fresh Covid-19 cases|The Health Ministry confirmed the nation sees off Thursday with no new coronavirus infections, keeping the national count at 270 for the sixth day running.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/sports/many-athletes-cancel-training-plans-due-to-covid-19-pandemic-4080735.html|&nbspApril 8, 2020 05:26 pm GMT+7|Many athletes cancel training plans due to Covid-19 pandemic|The novel coronavirus pandemic has completely disrupted the carefully planned training schedules of Vietnamese athletes. Table tennis player Nguyen Anh Tu, a SEA Games 30 gold medalist, was supposed to be in Thailand to play in the Olympic qualifiers from April 5 to 12. But since the tournament was postponed indefinitely because of the pandemic, everyone had to stay home. "After SEA Games 30, we have planned for the Olympic qualifiers. But all I could do now is training on my own to stay in form. My training content also had to be altered and reduced to fit with the current situation. The most important thing now is maintaining your physics during the pandemic," Tu said. "Not only the form but also the mentality of athletes will be affected. We will have to wait until the end of July to gather the national team again," said Phan Tuan, Head of Table Tennis Division, Vietnam Sports Administration. The administration will also request International Table Tennis Federation (ITTF) to turn the ASEAN championship in October into an Olympic qualification event. "I hope the HCMC tournament in September and ASEAN championship in October will go on as planned. Then we will propose to the ITTF to make the ASEAN championship as a qualification tournament for the Olympics, otherwise, there will be no chance left to get the ticket to Tokyo next year," Tuan added. The taekwondo team also had to leave South Korea right before the Taekwondo Asian Championship began, as the Covid-19 outburst started to take over in the country. The tournament, also acted as the Olympic qualifiers, has been postponed twice and according to the World Taekwondo it will be held in June. "With a one-on-one sport like this, to compete in tournaments is quite necessary but everything has been delayed at the moment. We are making a new preparation plan for the athletes so they can achieve the best result in June," said Vu Xuan Thanh, General Secretary of Vietnam Taekwondo Federation. The shooting team also have to make their plan from scratch after two key players, Hoang Xuan Vinh and Tran Quoc Cuong, finished their 14-day-quarantine. They currently have no idea what tournament to participate in order to qualify for the Olympics because there was no announcement from the International Shooting Sport Federation. Vietnam had seven athletes qualified for the Olympic in Tokyo so far while the country set a target of 20.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/vietnam-asks-recovered-covid-19-patients-to-stay-on-at-hospitals-4091900.html|&nbspApril 29, 2020 11:34 am GMT+7|Vietnam asks recovered Covid-19 patients to stay on at hospitals|Covid-19 patients eligible for discharge from hospitals should stay on for another 14 days, the Health Ministry suggests, fearing relapses. The latest move follows the relapse of 10 patients who were discharged from hospitals after they had tested negative for the novel coronavirus at least twice. One of them, a British man, has flown back to the U.K. and tested negative there, while the other nine have been sent back to hospitals in Vietnam for further monitoring. The latest relapse, recorded Tuesday, is "Patient 151," a Brazilian woman in Ho Chi Minh City. She was discharged on April 18 but tested positive 10 days later. She has been transferred to the Cu Chi field hospital in the city. Her husband, "Patient 207," a Brazilian man, also relapsed two days earlier. Three other relapses are in Hanoi, two in the northern province of Quang Ninh, one in the south central province of Binh Thuan, and another in HCMC. The nine relapses are among 49 active patients in Vietnam, while another 221 have been discharged and healthy. The ministry has further said that in case patients refuse to stay back at hospitals, health authorities in their localities have to make sure that their houses are qualified enough for safe quarantining at home. If the local authorities feel that the situation is not safe for the patient to be quarantined at home, he/she will be taken to healthcare centers in their localities. For either option, the recovered patients will be tested again at least two times, at the end of the first and second weeks. All tests will use the real-time PCR method, widely considered the most accurate for the novel coronavirus. In most cases, initial rapid test results will be double checked using this system. All relapsed patients will be quarantined and treated as new Covid-19 patients. Samples taken from them will be sent to the National Institute of Hygiene and Epidemiology and the Ho Chi Minh City Pasteur Institute where the viruses are being cultivated and studied to see if they can be transmitted to others. On Tuesday, the Health Ministry said that the virus taken from five of the relapse cases was inactive, which means it's very unlikely that the patients can spread the disease to others. So far, Vietnam has allowed all recovered patients to go home immediately, and foreign visitors to quarantine themselves in qualified accommodations like hotels. During the 14-day post-discharge quarantine, their health is monitored every day by medical staff. Health experts have yet to identify reasons for Covid-19 relapses. The Health Ministry said earlier that the weak immune systems could be a cause, allowing the virus to stay on. Other countries in the world have also reported Covid-19 relapses. In South Korea, at least 222 people have tested positive for the virus again after recovering. China and Brunei have reported relapses too.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/sports/vietnam-star-midfielder-joins-afc-s-anti-covid-19-campaign-4081019.html|&nbspApril 8, 2020 11:40 am GMT+7|Vietnam star midfielder joins AFC’s anti-Covid-19 campaign|Star midfielder Nguyen Quang Hai has joined other famous Asian football personalities in AFC’s #BreakTheChain campaign against the Covid-19 pandemic. The campaign aims to encourage people to learn and adopt necessary practices to prevent the spread of the novel coronavirus that causes the Covid-19 disease. Standing with Hai in this campaign are Iranian international referee Alireza Faghani, Indian women's football team captain Bala Devi, Chinese striker Wang Shanshan, Qatar striker Almoez Ali, Kyrgyzstan defender Tamirlan Kozubaev, South Korean midfielder Kim Min-woo and Thailand head coach Akira Nishino. "In the fight against this virus, just as in football, there is no substitute for teamwork. The greatest comebacks in all aspects of life require everyone coming together to work in unity," Hai says in a promotion video for the campaign. "This is our best chance of defeating this virus. I urge everyone to follow the instructions of the true unsung heroes of this outbreak - our healthcare professionals. We can all break the chain by keeping safe, staying positive and with some patience and discipline, we will rise above this outbreak." The public awareness message is an opportunity for footballers to contribute their mite and reinforce guidelines put in place by the World Health Organization (WHO) to maintain the highest standards of personal hygiene and social distancing. With #BreakTheChain attracting millions of interactions with people globally, it is hoped that the push will serve to popularize the necessity of taking preventive steps to slow the spread of the novel coronavirus. A key player in Vietnam’s national football team under coach Park Hang-seo, Hai has won widespread acclaim for his excellent performances in major tournaments, including a string of impressive displays at the 2018 AFF Cup and 2019 Asian Cup.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/vietnam-reports-four-more-covid-19-infections-4069300.html|&nbspMarch 14, 2020 05:25 pm GMT+7|Vietnam reports four more Covid-19 infections|Four more persons have tested Covid-19 positive, raising the country's total to 53, the Health Ministry confirmed Saturday afternoon. A 50-year-old man living in Hanoi's Ba Dinh District had traveled to Paris for a business trip and returned to Vietnam on March 9. Two days later, he showed symptoms of fever and cough. On Friday, he was taken to the National Hospital for Tropical Diseases in Dong Anh District and a test result showed he was infected with the novel coronavirus. He became the country's 50th Covid-19 patient. His condition is stable, doctors said. The 51st patient is a 22-year-old woman residing in Hanoi's Bac Tu Liem District. She was an overseas student in Europe and had traveled to some countries in the region between February 23 and March 12. On Thursday she developed symptoms of high fever and cough but had no chest pain. She landed at the Noi Bai International Airport on flight QR968 Friday and was directly taken to the National Hospital for Tropical Diseases. Tests done showed she is infected with the virus. A 24-year-old woman in Ha Long Town in the northern province of Quang Ninh is the country's 52nd Covid-19 patient. She had boarded a flight from London to Hanoi on March 9, and taken a taxi to her house in Ha Long Town. She isolated herself at home before being taken to the local quarantine area. Tests done Friday and Saturday in Quang Ninh and the National Institute of Hygiene and Epidemiology in Hanoi, respectively, confirmed she was infected with the virus. The 53rd Covid-19 patient in Vietnam is a 53-year-old Czech citizen who had come into contact some Italian nationals in his home country. On March 10, he landed at Saigon’s Tan Son Nhat International Airport on a QR970 flight that transited at Doha Airport in Qatar. He stayed at a local hotel in Saigon's District 1. On Friday, he developed symptoms of cough and fatigue. He went to Ho Chi Minh City's Traditional Medicine Hospital for a health check and results showed signs of lung inflammation. He tested Covid-19 positive after being quarantined at the city's Hospital for Tropical Diseases. Earlier Saturday, a 31-year-old man Saigon resident who’d shared a car with an infected person and met with another infected person, and a 71-year-old British man on the VN54 flight that landed in Hanoi on March 2 had been confirmed as the nation’s 48th and 49th Covid-19 patients. The Covid-19 outbreak has thus far spread to 145 countries and territories around the world, with the death toll climbing to over 5,400.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/covid-19-drives-down-vietnam-s-traffic-accidents-4080308.html|&nbspApril 6, 2020 03:03 pm GMT+7|Covid-19 drives down Vietnam's traffic accidents|The new coronavirus helped reduce Vietnam's year-on-year Q1 accidents and deaths by over 10 percent, the Ministry of Public Security reported. There were 3,467 accidents nationwide between December 15, 2019 and March 14, 2020, killing 1,640 and injuring 2,568. Vietnam saw the accident number drop by 559, or a year-on-year fall of 13.88 percent. Fatalities and injuries also plunged by 262 (-13.77 percent) and 573 (-18.24 percent). Beside tougher drunk driving laws introduced in January, the ministry believes the novel coronavirus has contributed to the fall in traffic accidents in the first quarter with citizens ordered to remain home and many businesses closed. In the first quarter, traffic police nationwide handled 910,954 violations of road, railway and waterway traffic safety with total fines valued at over VND773 billion ($32.84 million). Police also revoked driving licenses and professional certificates of 76,599 people and impounded 157,498 vehicles. Nearly 48,636 drivers broke alcohol content regulations, while 307 cases involved the transport of narcotics. Road accidents are a leading cause of death in Vietnam, killing one person nearly every hour. There were over 17,000 accidents in 2019, which claimed 7,624 lives.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/medical-facilities-to-test-all-visitors-for-covid-19-4080609.html|&nbspApril 7, 2020 10:33 am GMT+7|Medical facilities to test all visitors for Covid-19|Everyone visiting medical facilities in Vietnam for treatment will be treated as suspected Covid-19 patients and tested. The Ministry of Health said on Monday the decision is part of its attempt to ramp up pandemic prevention measures after there were coronavirus transmissions between the community and medical facilities. The first cases related to a hospital were on March 20. As of Tuesday the number of patients linked to the hospital had increased to 46, including 27 employees of the Truong Sinh Company, which provides food and logistic services to the hospital. The National Steering Committee for Covid-19 Prevention and Control instructed high-level hospitals on Monday to prioritize critically ill patients and emergency cases and those transferred from other hospitals for treatment, admitting as few non-serious patients as possible, leaving them to lower-level hospitals for treatment. High-level hospitals should resort to online or phone consultations to reduce the number of visitors, reduce or delay surgeries where possible and schedule staffing to take in Covid-19 patients in case there is a surge, the committee said. The ministry said there is sufficient equipment and medication for tens of thousands of patients in case the epidemic escalates. Masks and disease prevention equipment could be made in the country, it assured. It and the Ministry of Science and Technology are also working together to produce invasive and non-invasive ventilators to replace imports. Local authorities have been advised to establish mobile teams to track down people with cough, fever or breathing difficulties, especially those who have returned from coronavirus-hit areas or visited medical facilities, staying in hotels and homeless people, and refer them immediately to medical facilities for prompt treatment. Deputy Prime Minister Vu Duc Dam, head of the National Steering Committee on Covid-19 Fight and Prevention, warned at a meeting on Monday: "We must not be negligent and lose focus. If everyone fights the disease together, we will definitely win." As of Tuesday 95 out of the 245 Covid-19 patients in Vietnam have recovered.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/sports/football/domestic-football-clubs-stay-in-shape-during-covid-19-sidelining-4080408.html|&nbspApril 7, 2020 01:00 pm GMT+7|Domestic football clubs stay in shape during Covid-19 sidelining|The new coronavirus has forced sports clubs to adapt training schedules, and V. League 1 clubs are employing novel means to survive the fallout. With the country’s top division postponed until mid-April or possibly even further, alongside the nationwide social distancing order by PM Nguyen Xuan Phuc from April 1 to 15, many clubs have allowed players to return home during a pandemic lull. Hanoi FC initially planned to reassemble its players on April 5. But after the social distancing order, the capital club had to extend the break. "Many have returned home, where the coaching board requested them to train to maintain stamina. Our players are all professionals. For instance, team captain Nguyen Van Quyet visited Hang Day Stadium for solo training last Wednesday," said Hanoi FC head coach Chu Dinh Nghiem. Than Quang Ninh, who beat Hanoi FC 3-1 in the second round of V. League 1, will also return to training starting April 15. "Our club is flexible and always ready to play. If other teams are okay with the schedule then we will follow," said Bui Xuan Hoa, president of SHB Da Nang when asked about upcoming V. League 1 fixtures to be . HCMC FC, the current table topper, also sent players home following the V. League 1 second round that ended in March, with no sure date of return. "We took a break, though each player is still required to train on their own. The same goes for me," said HCMC FC captain Tran Phi Son. Duoc Nam Ha Nam Dinh only let half its team return home, all young players to remain at the club to train with the new physical coach it signed last month. Nam Dinh has less financial resources compared to other clubs, its players having agreed to a 25 percent salary cut to ensure it survives the downtime. "We will get through this challenge together. The players understand if the club goes bankrupt, they will be affected too," said Tran Thai Toan, club director. All Hoang Anh Gia Lai (HAGL) players have in turn been asked to remain at the club’s complex in central Pleiku Province, with no one allowed to leave the premises. "Our complex is far removed from the residential area and closed to outsiders. All players are in quarantine and training stopped," Head of HAGL Coaching Board Nguyen Tan Anh said. Viettel FC has also kept its players in Hanoi and, though everyone remains in quarantine, training commences as usual. Becamex Binh Duong has quarantined its team, with training slightly reduced. "All players have to stay inside the complex and going out is not an option. We have night patrols to make sure no player can sneak out. We have many young players and they could take this quarantine thing lightly," Binh Duong General Director Le Hong Cuong said. Hong Linh Ha Tinh copied Binh Duong. The newly-promoted club is currently bottoming the table with two losses in two rounds, thus players will take this long break to train together. In comparison, Song Lam Nghe An still continues training at their complex in Nghe An, though players with families can return home in the evening.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/27-more-covid-19-patients-recover-in-vietnam-4080952.html|&nbspApril 7, 2020 03:27 pm GMT+7|27 more Covid-19 patients recover in Vietnam|27 Covid-19 patients including seven foreigners were discharged from hospitals across Vietnam on Tuesday, taking Vietnam’s tally of recovered patients to 122. 11 patients were discharged from Hanoi's National Hospital of Tropical Diseases, nine from three different hospitals in HCMC, two from Hue Central Hospital in central Vietnam and five from the Mekong Delta hospitals. They would have to remain quarantined for the next 14 days. Two patients discharged in Hue are a 66-year-old British woman and a 49-year-old British man, who were both on Vietnam Airlines flight VN54 that flew in from the U.K., landing March 2 in Hanoi. They were confirmed positive on March 8 and 9. The two would be quarantined in a resort in Phu Vang District following their discharge. In the Mekong Delta, four Vietnamese patients including a nine-year-old girl were discharged from Sa Dec General Hospital in Dong Thap Province and Binh Dai medical center in Ben Tre Province. Among the discharged in HCMC, three are related to a March 14 party at the Buddha Bar & Grill, the largest Covid-19 hotspot in HCMC."Patient 98" is a 34-year-old British man who was confirmed positive on March 21, "Patient 120" is a 27-year-old Canadian man confirmed positive on March 23, and "Patient 159" is a 33-year-old Brazilian man confirmed positive on March 27. Five other patients flew in from overseas: "Patient 95" is a 20-year-old resident of Go Vap District who flew in from France to Saigon's Tan Son Nhat Airport, landing March 18 and found positive four days later; "Patient 96" is a 21-year-old woman in District 8 who flew from Dubai to Tan Son Nhat March 19 and was confirmed positive March 22; "Patient 142" is a 26-year-old man in HCMC’s Binh Chanh District who flew in from the U.S. March 10 and was confirmed positive three days later; "Patient 150" is a 55-year-old Vietnamese man flying in from the U.S. on March 13, before being confirmed infected on March 26; and "Patient 160" is a 30-year-old woman from the Central Highlands province of Lam Dong who’d flown from Spain to Vietnam on March 22 and confirmed positive the same day. "Patient 119" is a 29-year-old American man in Binh Thanh District. He was confirmed positive on March 23. The discharged in Hanoi include a 29-year-old doctor working for the National Hospital of Tropical Diseases in Hanoi's Dong Anh District. He was confirmed positive on March 23, the first doctor in Vietnam, one working directly with Covid-19 patients, to be infected by the novel coronavirus. Others include seven patients who were confirmed infected after flying from overseas. "Patient 21" is a 61-year-old man who flew in from the U.K. to Vietnam on March 2 and confirmed positive on March 8; "Patient 72" is a 25-year-old French woman flying to Hanoi on March 9 and confirmed positive on March 18; "Patient 84" is a 21-year-old man in Hanoi flying back from the U.K. on March 18 and confirmed positive on March 19; "Patient 111" is a 25-year-old woman from northern Nam Dinh Province, flying from from France to Hanoi on March 18 and was confirmed positive on March 22; "Patient 136" is a 23-year-old Hanoi woman flying from the U.S. on March 16 and confirmed positive on March 25; "Patient 137" is a 36-year-old man flying from Germany to Hanoi on March 15 and confirmed positive on March 25; and "Patient 222" is a 28-year-old Hanoi woman flying from the U.S. on March 20 and confirmed positive on April 2. Three other patients discharged in Hanoi are related to Bach Mai Hospital, the country's largest Covid-19 hotspot. "Patient 192" is a 21-year-old woman, an employee of Truong Sinh Company who provides food and other logistics services to the hospital. She was confirmed positive on March 30. "Patient 197" is a 41-year-old man in Thanh Oai District. He went to Bach Mai Hospital for a health check-up on March 12 before being confirmed positive on March 30. "Patient 200" is another employee of Truong Sinh Company. She works as a cleaner for the kitchen of Bach Mai Hospital, and was confirmed positive on March 30. The 200th patient, 61, said: "I'm very glad that I'v tested negative and am free of the disease, so when I go back to my family it would not affect my children. I want to tell my children that they should feel assured as I have been taken care of." Do Thi Phuong Mai, deputy director of the General Bacterial Infection Department at the Hanoi's National Hospital of Tropical Diseases, said treating Covid-19 patients is difficult as it is caused by a new virus strain. "We had to read many foreign documents to learn how to treat, find the drugs and their appropriate doses for Vietnamese people based on treatment regimens in foreign countries," she said. The latest additions take the total Covid-19 recoveries in Vietnam to 122 of the 245 cases detected so far. Globally, the Covid-19 pandemic has claimed over 74,700 lives.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/life/trend/saigon-checkpoint-police-relentless-in-covid-19-struggle-4081311.html|&nbspApril 9, 2020 03:00 pm GMT+7|Saigon checkpoint police relentless in Covid-19 struggle|Police and medics are engaged around the clock at several checkpoints across the city trying to contain the novel outbreak.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/covid-19-virus-has-mutated-vietnam-harbors-two-groups-4080307.html|&nbspApril 6, 2020 03:57 pm GMT+7|Covid-19 virus has mutated, Vietnam harbors two groups|The novel coronavirus has mutated and two different groups can be found in Vietnam, the National Institute Of Hygiene And Epidemiology said Sunday. One group has been found in Covid-19 patients entering Vietnam from Wuhan in China, and the other in those who came from Europe, said Le Thi Quynh Mai, deputy director of the institute. "There is a clear difference," Mai said, adding that this evolution process occurs naturally when the virus jumps from one organism to another. "The virus will keep changing. We will follow the process closely," she said. The institute has not yet confirmed whether there are differences in virulence between the two virus groups, Mai said. Scientists at the institute first succeeded in culturing and isolating the novel coronavirus in early February, which will serve as a basis for the development of a future vaccine. Vietnam has also produced its own Covid-19 test kits that provide quicker results and are easier to use than those used by the U.S. Center for Disease Control and the World Health Organization, according to the Ministry of Science and Technology. The country has confirmed 241 Covid-19 cases so far, with only one new case recorded since Sunday, less than a week into the fortnight long social distancing campaign announced by Prime Minister Nguyen Xuan Phuc, which calls for people to stay home and does not allow public gatherings of more than two until April 15. Of the 150 Covid-19 active cases in Vietnam at present, half have tested negative at least once. Globally, the Covid-19 pandemic has claimed more than 69,500 lives.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/covid-19-negligence-hanoians-fined-for-ignoring-social-distancing-campaign-4080362.html|&nbspApril 6, 2020 02:52 pm GMT+7|Covid-19 negligence: Hanoians fined for ignoring social distancing campaign|Many Hanoians have been fined for leaving their homes unnecessarily during the nationwide social distancing campaign launched to curb the spread of Covid-19.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/vietnamese-diplomat-in-france-tests-covid-19-positive-4079472.html|&nbspApril 4, 2020 12:20 pm GMT+7|Vietnamese diplomat in France tests Covid-19 positive|The Foreign Ministry confirmed Friday that a staff of the Vietnamese Embassy in France has tested Covid-19 positive. The identity of the official has not been revealed. After receiving the information, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs directed the Vietnamese Embassy in France to report the incident to French authorities and asked local agencies and health facilities to conduct appropriate medical supervision and treatment for the infected official. Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Le Thi Thu Hang also said Friday that the embassy has been asked to implement due supervision, medical quarantine and other anti-pandemic measures at its premises to prevent the spread of the disease, the reported. France is one of the worst-hit countries by the Covid-19 pandemic in the world, with more than 64,000 infections and over 6,500 deaths. The French government has ordered people to stay in their homes except for essential travel from March 17 until at least April 15. The pandemic has claimed more than 59,000 lives as it spread to 205 countries and territories. Vietnam has confirmed 239 Covid-19 cases so far, with most of them coming from European countries and the U.S., and others who came into close contact with them.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/two-more-cases-take-vietnam-covid-19-tally-to-239-4079265.html|&nbspApril 4, 2020 06:50 am GMT+7|Two more cases take Vietnam Covid-19 tally to 239|Vietnam confirmed two more Covid-19 cases early Saturday, one returning from abroad and one related to Hanoi’s Bach Mai hospital. "Patient 238" is a 17-year-old girl from Thach Ha Town in the central province of Ha Tinh. She works in Thailand and stayed with "Patient 210" in Bangkok. "Patient 210" is a 26-year-old woman from Can Loc District in Ha Tinh who returned to Vietnam from Thailand March 20 after she had met with "Patient 201," an employee of the Truong Sinh company, the food and logistic services provider to Hanoi’s Bach Mai Hospital, now the nation’s largest Covid-19 hotspot. The Health Ministry did not identify the patient as part of Bach Mai's infection circle as the connection is not clear. The 17-year-old took a car from Bangkok to Vietnam on March 18, via a Laos border gate in Quang Binh Province. She was quarantined at a camp in the nearby Ha Tinh Province and after testing positive, is being treated at the province's Cau Treo General Hospital. "Patient 239" is a cancer patient, aged 71. A resident of An Hoa Commune, Tam Duong District in the northern province of Vinh Phuc., he had visited the Department of Oncology at Bach Mai Hospital for a health check on March 11. On March 18, he returned for another appointment and stayed overnight at the hospital. During his time at the hospital, he bought food at the canteen serviced by the staff of the Truong Sinh Company. After leaving the hospital on March 19, he stayed at home in Vinh Phuc. On March 28, he ran a fever and was admitted to the Vinh Phuc General Hospital. His sample tests came out Covid-19 positive on April 2. He is being treated at the National Hospital for Tropical Diseases in Hanoi's Dong Anh District. The number of patients linked to the Bach Mai Hospital has increased to 44, 27 of whom are employees of the Truong Sinh Company. More than 153 Covid-19 patients are currently being treated at 21 medical centers around the country. Another 86 who contracted the virus have recovered and been discharged. The pandemic has claimed more than 59,000 lives as it spread to 205 countries and territories.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/canada-to-repatriate-citizens-stuck-in-vietnam-due-to-covid-19-4091901.html|&nbspApril 29, 2020 02:33 pm GMT+7|Canada to repatriate citizens stuck in Vietnam due to Covid-19|Two special flights will depart from Hanoi on Thursday and Friday next week, carrying Canadians stranded due to the new coronavirus back home. The first flight, Vietnam Airlines VN008, would leave Hanoi at 3 a.m. on Thursday and land in Toronto at 7:50 a.m., said the Consulate General of Canada to Vietnam on Tuesday. Tickets, which cost $1,400, are non-refundable. Children under 12 only have to pay $1,050. The second flight is expected to leave Hanoi at 8:30 a.m. on Friday next week, and would land in Vancouver. No further details have been announced. Canada has recorded over 50,000 Covid-19 cases, of which nearly 2,900 have died. Meanwhile, Vietnam has reported 270 Covid-19 cases, of which 49 are active, and no deaths. The latest two cases were recorded on April 24, and there has been no community transmission since April 16. Vietnam suspended international flights on March 25 to contain the spread of Covid-19, leaving thousands of foreigners stranded. Previously, several flights have repatriated hundreds of citizens from Europe and Southeast Asia. Vietnam Airlines is also set to operate two direct flights in May to repatriate U.S. citizens. The Covid-19 pandemic has spread to 210 countries and territories, claiming more than 218,000 lives.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/business/companies/75-pct-of-firms-plan-pay-cuts-if-covid-19-crisis-lingers-4090488.html|&nbspApril 29, 2020 06:47 am GMT+7|75 pct of firms plan pay cuts if Covid-19 crisis lingers|A survey has found 75 percent of companies in Vietnam planning pay cuts if the Covid-19 pandemic continued to hurt businesses. Only 25 percent said they would not cut staff’s wages despite the business situation deteriorating. The survey of 172 enterprises in Vietnam conducted by jobs company Talentnet from late March to early April found that businesses in each industry planning different levels of wage cuts. The consumer goods sector would cut wages of their staff by less than 10 percent while the manufacturing and hi-tech sectors plan cuts of 20 to 30 percent. For employees that are temporarily out of work due to the Covid-19 crisis, 54 percent of surveyed firms said they chose to pay salaries based on mutual agreements but would be not lower than the regional minimum wage level. The survey also found 52 percent of surveyed firms forecast their revenues would fall sharpy this year due to the impacts of the Covid-19 crisis while 27 percent said they have yet to draw their estimates. The Covid-19 pandemic has cost nearly five million Vietnamese workers their jobs as of mid-April, bringing Q1 employment figures to a 10-year low, according to the General Statistics Office (GSO). Vietnam , its lowest in a decade. As many as 18,600 companies temporarily suspended business in Q1, up 26 percent year-on-year. Meanwhile, a report by the International Labor Organization said up to 10.3 million workers in the country could be impacted by the Covid-19 pandemic, in Q2.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/travel/places/covid-19-slump-forces-saigon-hotels-to-down-shutters-4079539.html|&nbspApril 5, 2020 11:23 am GMT+7|Covid-19 slump forces Saigon hotels to down shutters|With no bookings amidst Covid-19 fears and travel restrictions, many hotels in Ho Chi Minh City have closed and asked staff to take unpaid leave. Dennis, a foreign tourist who’d rented a hotel room on Pham Ngu Lao Street in District 1, was forced to move out and rent an apartment in District 3 on March 30 after the hotel decided to close down. He was the only guest in the hotel with nearly 20 rooms in the city's busiest backpacker precinct. Hotels in and around Bui Vien Street, the city’s most famous hangout for both locals and foreigners, have been virtually empty since mid-March, forcing many hotel owners to stop operating and keep just a security guard on duty. They also turn off all lights at night to reduce costs. In general, hotels in the heart of downtown Saigon, District 1, are also turning dark at nights. The security guard of a three-star hotel on Bui Thi Xuan Street in District 1 said: "The hotel has been closed for a few days now. All staff are required to take a temporary break." International visitors in HCMC in the first quarter of 2020 reached about 1.3 million, down 42 percent year-on-year, according to the city Department of Tourism. Some owners of three-to-five-star hotels said the occupancy rate in March was only about five to 10 percent. The following months would be worse, they said. The deputy general manager of a Saigon hotel who wanted to remain anonymous said that his company's hotels of four to five star classification had very few foreigners who’d rented rooms for longer terms. They work for international companies in Vietnam and were not tourists. "We combine all guests into one hotel to serve them easily and conveniently at the moment. Other hotels have stopped receiving guests and focused on personnel training and renovation," he added. Earlier, city authorities ordered operators of lodging facilities such as homestays and Airbnb properties and other short-term rentals to temporarily suspend their businesses for 15 days, starting from April 1 in line with the nationwide social distancing campaign. The metropolis also closed all bars, karaoke parlors, discos, beer clubs, massage parlors, movie theaters and internet cafes from March 15; and shut down all tourist attractions from March 28 following a directive issued by Prime Minister Nguyen Xuan Phuc. The premier required around the country to remain closed until April 15 as it entered what he said was a critical two-week stage in its Covid-19 fight. The Prime Minister launched a 15-day nationwide social distancing campaign on April 1, banning gatherings of more than two people and asking people not to leave their homes. The Covid-19 pandemic caused the tourism industry to freeze. In March alone, the number of foreign tourists to Vietnam was 449,000, down 63.8 percent from the previous month and 68.1 percent from a year ago. According to the General Statistics Office (GSO), Vietnam welcomed nearly 3.7 million international tourists in the first quarter, down 18.1 percent year-on-year, as the government including those of Vietnamese origin and family members with visa waivers, and in an unprecedented response to the Covid-19 pandemic. Vietnam has recorded 240 Covid-19 cases so far, of whom 90 have recovered and been discharged from hospital. Globally, the pandemic has claimed more than 64,000 lives as it spread to 205 countries and territories.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/hcmc-field-hospital-discharges-four-more-covid-19-patients-4079557.html|&nbspApril 4, 2020 02:37 pm GMT+7|HCMC field hospital discharges four more Covid-19 patients|The Cu Chi Field Hospital in HCMC on Saturday discharged four Covid-19 patients – two men and two women, taking the national recovery tally to 90. All the four discharged people had returned or entered the city from overseas on March 15. An 18-year-old youth from the Mekong Delta's Bac Lieu Province, "Patient 80," had tested positive on March 18 after he returned from Dubai to Saigon. "Patient 81," a 20-year-old man from the Central Highlands province of Kon Tum, had tested positive after returning from Paris to Saigon. "Patient 82," a 16-year-old woman from Saigon's District 5, had tested positive after returning from Dubai to Saigon. "Patient 83," a 50-year-old American woman in Saigon's Binh Thanh District, had tested positive after flying down from Istanbul to Saigon. All four were eligible to be discharged after having tested negative for the novel coronavirus at least three times, said Nguyen Thanh Dung, director of the Cu Chi Field Hospital. He said they would be quarantined and monitored at home for the next 14 days. Vietnam has confirmed 239 Covid-19 cases so far, 149 of them active. Many of the active cases are Vietnamese nationals returning from Europe and the U.S., foreigners coming from the same regions and those who’d come in contact with both groups of people. The Covid-19 pandemic has so far killed more than 59,200 people after spreading to 205 countries and territories.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/british-covid-19-patient-lauds-vietnam-hospital-for-friendly-treatment-4079936.html|&nbspApril 5, 2020 07:00 pm GMT+7|British Covid-19 patient lauds Vietnam hospital for ‘friendly’ treatment|The Quang Nam General Hospital in central Vietnam on Sunday discharged Covid-19 ‘Patient 57,’ a 66-year-old British man after 21 days of treatment. The patient tested negative two times in a row on March 28 and April 1. As regulated by the Health Ministry, he will be placed under medical monitoring for a further 14 days to prevent any possible transmission of the virus. His wife, who had tested negative, finished her 14-day quarantine and left the hospital Sunday. The couple will be placed under medical monitoring for 14 days at a hotel in central Hoi An Town. Before leaving the hospital, the British man thanked doctors for the way they treated him over the past three weeks. "All the doctors and medical staff of the hospital not only treated us, but they were also very friendly and behaved like friends," he said. He and his wife had flown in to Vietnam on March 9, landing in Hanoi on Vietnam Airlines flight VN54 from London. The flight also carried "Patient 46," a flight attendant. On March 11, they flew to Da Nang and visited some places in Hoi An. On March 15, he tested Covid-19 positive. With the latest release, 91 of Vietnam’s 241 Covid-19 cases have been discharged. Many of the 150 active cases are Vietnamese nationals returning from abroad, mostly Europe and the U.S., and more than 60 people are related to two of the nation’s Covid-19 hotspots – the Bach Mai Hospital in Hanoi and the Buddha Bar & Grill in Ho Chi Minh City.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/business/economy/vietnam-mulls-increasing-covid-19-tax-deferral-package-for-businesses-4079535.html|&nbspApril 4, 2020 03:43 pm GMT+7|Vietnam mulls increasing Covid-19 tax deferral package for businesses|The Finance Ministry has proposed deferring VND180 trillion ($7.6 billion) worth of taxes and land rents for entities affected by the Covid-19 epidemic. The value of the new deferral package is more than double the previous one of VND80.2 trillion ($3.46 billion). The new proposal would apply to businesses, organizations, households and individual in 14 more sectors, in addition to the , which was announced last week. Among the newly added sectors are leather, wood and metal processing industries, real estate businesses, labor service businesses, libraries, museums, entertainment businesses and other cultural activities. With the latest additions, the total value of the package goes up to about VND180 trillion, nearly VND100 trillion ($4.31 billion) more than in the previous proposal and six times higher than the VND30 trillion ($1.29 billion) estimated in the very first proposal. The latest proposal was made after the Vietnam National Real Estate Association, Vietnam Automobile Manufacturers Association and many other business associations submitted requests to the Government Office, the Finance Ministry and the General Department of Taxation, seeking tax reductions and deferrals.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/business/companies/vingroup-to-produce-ventilators-as-covid-19-infections-rise-4079478.html|&nbspApril 4, 2020 01:22 pm GMT+7|Vingroup to produce ventilators as Covid-19 infections rise|Private business conglomerate Vingroup has announced it will start producing ventilators to support coronavirus patients as the country fights the pandemic. The largest listed private firm in the country has signed an agreement with U.S. medical device company Medtronic and will be able to produce up to 55,000 units a month at its automobile and smartphone factories, the company said in a statement Friday. The figure comprises 45,000 noninvasive ventilators which are used to support breathing for general patients, and 10,000 invasive ventilators, which are more expensive machines that deliver oxygen to the lungs as part of life support. Production is expected to begin in two weeks, after which Vingroup said it plans to sell these products to the Ministry of Health at the cost price of imported parts at VND22 million ($930) for each non-invasive ventilator and VND160 million ($6,800) for each invasive ventilator. It will not include transportation, manufacturing and labor costs or taxes in the price, Vingroup said. The group will also donate 5,000 non-invasive ventilators to the Health Ministry. Vietnam has confirmed 239 Covid-19 patients so far, of whom 86 have been discharged.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/vietnam-starts-fifth-day-without-new-covid-19-case-one-patient-relapses-4091705.html|&nbspApril 29, 2020 06:41 am GMT+7|Vietnam starts fifth day without new Covid-19 case, one patient relapses|Vietnam has gone five days in a row without a new coronavirus infection and 13 days straight with no community transmission. The Health Ministry confirmed zero fresh cases Wednesday morning, keeping the nation’s Covid-19 tally at 270 since Friday evening. But one more relapse was recorded late Tuesday. "Patient 151," a Brazilian woman in HCMC, tested positive after being discharged and was transferred to the Cu Chi field hospital for further monitoring. The new relapse raised the number of active cases in the country to 49, 11 of whom have tested negative once and eight twice. The ministry announced Tuesday that examination of samples taken from five other relapse patients showed the virus was "inactive" in their bodies, which theoretically meant the chance of them spreading the infection to others was "very low." Addressing a government meeting Tuesday afternoon, Prime Minister Nguyen Xuan Phuc said that at this point, with an infection rate of 270 among more than 95 million residents, Vietnam has "basically put the pandemic under control." So far, the country has conducted 213,743 new coronavirus tests, and Wednesday morning marks the 13th day that it has not recorded any infection caused by community transmission. By Friday morning, Vietnam had gone eight straight days without reporting any new infection, but two new cases were confirmed that evening, both Vietnamese students returning from Japan. Of the 270 patients recorded so far, 221 have been discharged. The Covid-19 pandemic has spread to 210 countries and territories, and more than 217,700 deaths reported.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/not-time-to-relax-pm-says-on-fourth-day-without-new-covid-19-case-4091590.html|&nbspApril 28, 2020 06:32 pm GMT+7|Not time to relax, PM says on fourth day without new Covid-19 case|PM Nguyen Xuan Phuc said Tuesday evening that the nation’s fight against the Covid-19 pandemic has to be maintained at full strength. "Now is not the time to relax," he said at a government meeting. The Health Ministry confirmed zero new Covid-19 cases Tuesday evening, keeping the nation’s tally at 270 for four days straight. For now, the number of active Covid-19 patients in the country remains at 48, including eight relapses. Deputy Health Minister Nguyen Thanh Long said earlier Tuesday that studies of new coronavirus samples taken from the five relapsed patients reveal that the virus in their bodies now are "inactive." Long said the virus was cultivated but did not multiply. "Theoretically, the chance that these patients can infect others is very low," Long said. Of the active cases, eight have tested negative once and seven twice. Addressing a government meeting Tuesday afternoon, PM Phuc said Vietnam has basically managed to contain Covid-19. But the nation cannot afford to relax its vigilance yet, he said. The PM has allowed localities to restore production and business, but several "non-essential" services like bars, karaoke parlors, massage parlors, beauty clinics and entertainment facilities are to remain closed until further notice. In a directive issued last Saturday following social distancing relaxations, he also asked localities to stop all religious gatherings, sports events and crowded festivals in public places, as also other "unnecessary" events. By last Friday morning, Vietnam had gone eight straight days without reporting any new infections. Then, that evening, there were two new cases confirmed, both Vietnamese students returning from Japan, taking the nation’s count to 270. Of the total, 222 patients have been discharged from hospitals. The Covid-19 pandemic has reached 210 countries and territories with a reported death toll of around 212,300.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/saigon-students-back-in-school-next-week-after-prolonged-covid-19-break-4089182.html|&nbspApril 28, 2020 05:05 pm GMT+7|Saigon students back in school next week after prolonged Covid-19 break|Over 1.7 million HCMC students will resume school from Monday after a three-and-a-half month break, and Hanoi has similar reopening plans.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/11-year-old-boy-discharged-after-covid-19-recovery-4078282.html|&nbspApril 2, 2020 07:28 am GMT+7|11-year-old boy discharged after Covid-19 recovery|An 11-year-old Vietnamese boy was released from Hai Duong Province's Thanh Mien District medical center Tuesday night. "Patient 73" had tested negative for the novel coronavirus three times since March 24. The boy will be placed under medical monitoring at his home in Tieu Son Village, Thanh Giang Commune, Thanh Mien District in the northern province for at least 14 more days. He had landed March 9 in Hanoi on Vietnam Airlines flight VN54 from London. He went home and was quarantined at the Thanh Mien medical center, before being confirmed Covid-19 positive on March 18. Truong Mau Nghien, director of Thanh Mien District’s medical center, said: "The district has only treated one Covid-19 patient, this boy, and this success belongs to all our staff." Doctors focused on symptomatic treatment and boosting the immune system, with the staff treating him like a family member and keeping him motivated during the treatment process, he said. This boy is one of the seven child Covid-19 patients recorded so far in Vietnam, with the youngest being a in February. The other five are all active patients, a two-year-old girl and a 13-year-old boy who contracted the virus from their grandmother who was found infected after returning from a trip to the U.S., and a nine-year-old girl and two 10-year-old boys, all returning from abroad and testing positive while in quarantine. As of Thursday morning, Vietnam had recorded 222 infections. The latest discharge raises the number of Covid-19 patients released from hospitals in Vietnam to 64. To date, the Covid-19 pandemic has killed more than 47,000 people as it spread to 203 countries and territories.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/overseas-returnees-take-vietnam-s-covid-19-infections-to-233-4078693.html|&nbspApril 3, 2020 06:34 am GMT+7|Overseas returnees take Vietnam’s Covid-19 infections to 233|Vietnam confirmed six more Covid-19 cases early Friday, five returning from abroad and one related to Hanoi’s Bach Mai Hospital.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/vietnam-sees-end-of-sunday-with-no-new-covid-19-case-4090431.html|&nbspApril 26, 2020 06:29 pm GMT+7|Vietnam sees end of Sunday with no new Covid-19 case|Vietnam has gone two days without a new coronavirus case as of Sunday evening, keeping the number of active infections at 45. Of the country's 270 patients, 230 have been discharged from hospitals, but five have relapsed. The 45 active patients, which include the relapse cases, are being treated in six different medical facilities. Most of them are in stable health, with 13 having tested negative for the virus once and three others twice. No new cases of community transmission have been recorded over the past 10 days. Meanwhile, the Viet A Technologies Joint Stock Company stated Sunday that made-in-Vietnam Covid-19 by the Emergency Use Listing procedure (EUL) of the World Health Organization. The kits, which use reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR), can detect the new coronavirus in droplets obtained from the respiratory tract and blood. They provide results faster and are easier to use than those used by the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and WHO, according to Vietnam's Ministry of Science and Technology. As of Friday morning, Vietnam had gone eight straight days clear of new infections, but the evening saw - both students returning from Japan. They were quarantined on arrival and are now under treatment in Hanoi. The relapse cases are being monitored at different hospitals. The Central Institute of Hygiene and Epidemiology and Ho Chi Minh City Pasteur Institute have cultured the virus taken from them to try and find the cause of the relapse. More than 52,000 people are quarantined in Vietnam. Of these, 325 are isolated in hospitals, almost 10,000 others are in centralized quarantine facilities, while the remainder are quarantined at home. The Covid-19 pandemic has reached 210 countries and territories with a reported death toll of 203,332.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/life/culture/famous-vietnamese-folk-song-beats-an-anti-covid-19-drum-4079783.html|&nbspApril 5, 2020 09:11 am GMT+7|Famous Vietnamese folk song beats an anti-Covid-19 drum|A famous Vietnamese folk song, "Trong Com" (Rice Drum) has been given an anti-Covid-19 twist by a Vietnamese musician and an American singer. The "Rice Drum" is a cheerful folk song from the Red River Delta region that is known and loved by Vietnamese across different generations. In a new twist to the song, musician Khuc Dao Minh has penned anti-Covid lyrics and American singer Kyo York has translated it, sung both Vietnamese and English versions. The lyrics warn about the dangers of the novel coronavirus, and the song’s chorus urge people to wear face masks, avoid crowded places and clean their hands. With upbeat music and Kyo York's energetic performance and good command of Vietnamese, the new version has quickly become popular, gathering more than 180,000 views on the singer’s YouTube channel just a day after it was posted. Many viewers praised the lyrics for being easy to understand while keeping the main vibe of the original. "A very Vietnamese Covid-song. Kyo York must have such a great love for Vietnam to use "Trong Com" (Rice Drum) to promote epidemic prevention," comments viewer Bach Qui. Kyo York said a catchy song that integrates good information from media can cheer people up, reduce stress and cope with quarantine boredom. He recorded the music video himself before sending it to a team of editors. Before "Rice Drum", , composed by Khac Hung, into English, attracting more than 500,000 views. "Ghen Co Vy" released on February 23 by Min and Erik, was a project initiated the Vietnamese Ministry of Health to increase awareness about Covid-19 prevention. The song went viral worldwide after with John Oliver, who praised Vietnam for many useful propaganda measures on the disease. Kyo York, 35, came to Vietnam in late 2009 to teach English to young people in the southern province of Hau Giang. Later, he moved to Ho Chi Minh City and has been living there since. He taught himself Vietnamese and is passionate about Vietnamese music.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/vietnam-confirms-17th-covid-19-patient-4065517.html|&nbspMarch 7, 2020 12:00 am GMT+7|Vietnam confirms 17th Covid-19 patient|A 26-year old woman returning from Europe has tested positive for the novel coronavirus after Vietnam went 22 days with no new infection. The Vietnamese woman has been quarantined and is undergoing treatment at Campus No.2 of the Hanoi Central Hospital for Tropical Diseases, the capital city’s Chairman, Nguyen Duc Chung, said at an emergency meeting held late Friday. This is the first Covid-19 infection recorded in Hanoi. Chung said the patient had left Hanoi's Noi Bai Airport on February 15 to visit family members living in London, England. Three days later, she traveled from London to Milan City, in the province of Lombardy, Italy, and returned to London on February 20. During her time in Milan, Lombardy had not recorded any Covid-19 positive case. On February 25, the woman traveled from London to Paris to visit her sister. She contracted a cough on February 29, but did not get checked up. On March 1, she reportedly felt body pain and fatigue, but it was unclear if she had a fever. The same day, she boarded flight VN54 of Vietnam Airlines from London and landed in Hanoi at 4:30 a.m. on March 2. She did not have a fever then. After completing entry procedures, the patient was allowed to drive a family car home to Truc Bach Street in Ba Dinh District’s Truc Bach Ward. Later, she developed a mild fever and coughed a lot, and was admitted to Hong Ngoc Hospital in Ba Dinh District Thursday. The very same day, she was transferred to the Central Hospital for Tropical Diseases where she tested positive for the novel coronavirus. Eight of the patient’s family members including her father, uncle, five janitors and a personal chauffeur are also being isolated at the Central Hospital for Tropical Diseases. All are reportedly healthy, with no signs of fever or cough. Seventeen doctors from Hong Ngoc Hospital in Yen Ninh Street, Ba Dinh District who had been in contact with the patient are also being isolated at the hospital, and in good health. The Hanoi People's Committee Friday afternoon set up a Covid-19 emergency response committee for Truc Bach Ward, blocked Truc Bach Street and closed shops in the area. The areas around the patient's home on Truc Bach Street and Hong Ngoc Hospital were sprayed with disinfectant by the local health authority. People living on the same street have been asked to isolate themselves at home, but it is as yet unclear how many people will have to isolate themselves. Flight VN0054 carried 201 passengers, and authorities are in the process of verifying their names and whereabouts. After Vietnam reported its 16th Covid-19 infection on February 13, the nation went 22 days without detecting any new case. As of 6 p.m. Friday, 23,228 people were being isolated at home or in communal facilities across the country, an increase of 9,000 compared to the day before, while another 101 infection suspects are being isolated in hospitals. The Covid-19 outbreak broke out in China’s Wuhan City, Hubei Province late December last year. By Friday, the disease had infected over 100,000 people worldwide and killed 3,412, mostly Chinese citizens. Italy recorded another 700 Covid-19 positive cases Friday, bringing its total infection count to more than 3,800. The country has so far reported 148 deaths, making it the country with the second highest number of deaths after China.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/hanoi-hospital-releases-11-patients-after-covid-19-recovery-4078387.html|&nbspApril 2, 2020 04:35 pm GMT+7|Hanoi hospital releases 11 patients after Covid-19 recovery|The National Hospital for Tropical Diseases in Hanoi on Thursday helped raise the number of patients cured of the novel coronavirus in Vietnam to 75. Each of the 11 discharged had tested negative two to four times, meeting the Ministry of Health’s requirement to be released, said Pham Ngoc Thach, the hospital director. The discharged were previously numbered as patients 19, 63, 76, 78, 107, 129, 131, 132, 138, 179 and 198. Of them, "Patient 19" is the personal chauffeur of "Patient 17" Nguyen Hong Nhung, the first infection confirmed in Hanoi who was discharged from the same hospital on Monday. "Patient 107" is the daughter of an infected nurse at Hanoi’s Bach Mai Hospital, now the nation’s largest Covid-19 hotspot after at least 40 patients were traced back to it. "Patient 198" is a staff member in Bach Mai’s canteen. The rest are those coming from abroad, one Frenchman and Vietnamese returning home. The Frenchman Davios Claude, 56, was touring Vietnam when he heard about the Covid-19 developments and went to a medical center for check-up himself. "I was so lucky, I was saved by Vietnamese doctors," Claude said upon leaving the hospital. "I thank them a lot. I feel so grateful for the devotion of Vietnamese doctors and people." Doctor Thach said 80 percent of this new batch had suffered damage to their lungs when admitted to hospital, which required stronger methods of treatment. He said the time of treatment and recovery would depend on the health of each patient. Those having no chronic diseases and stable health would recover sooner. "Patient 19," for example, needed almost a month of treatment while "Patient 198" recovered in several days. All 11 patients will be monitored for at least 14 more days. On Monday, the hospital discharged 27 Covid-19 patients, marking the largest batch of released at one time since the epidemic broke out in Vietnam in late January. Vietnam now has 222 Covid-19 infections, including 147 active cases. To date, the Covid-19 pandemic has killed over 47,200 people as it spread to 203 countries and territories.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/discharged-american-praises-vietnam-s-covid-19-response-4079374.html|&nbspApril 4, 2020 10:21 am GMT+7|Discharged American praises Vietnam’s Covid-19 response|An American patient released from a Da Nang hospital Friday thanked doctors for saving his life and lauded Vietnam's quarantining efforts. Matthew Houston, "Patient 68," was discharged from the Da Nang Hospital after more than 20 days of treatment. The 41-year-old had tested negative three times in a row. "It’s so important that we patients are quarantined properly," Houston said on being discharged. Referring to how drastic the Covid-19 situation has become in the U.S., he added: "I’d like to thank Vietnam for saving me. The doctors and nurses are wonderful. They have saved my life." Houston is married to a Vietnamese woman and lives in Da Nang. He had been to eight countries before returning to Da Nang on March 14. Since February 11, he had visited India, Spain, Morocco, Switzerland, Germany, Hungary and the Netherlands, then transited at Singapore before landing at the Da Nang International Airport on March 14 on Silkair flight MI632. After he submitted a health declaration upon arrival at Da Nang International Airport, he was quarantined at the 199 Military Hospital. After his samples tested positive for the novel coronavirus he was admitted to the Da Nang Hospital for treatment. Hospital director Le Duc Nhan said Houston was in stable health since he was admitted, and the process of helping him recover from the Covid-19 was smooth. As regulated by the Health Ministry, Houston will be placed under medical monitoring for 14 days to prevent any possible transmission of the virus. Houston is the fourth Covid-19 patient discharged from hospital in Da Nang and the 86th in Vietnam. Da Nang now has two patients left and has recorded no new Covid-19 infection in the past eight days. Vietnam now has 239 Covid-19 cases, including 153 active patients. Most of the active ones are those who have returned from Europe and the U.S. and people who’ve had close contact with them. To date, the Covid-19 pandemic has killed more than 59,000 people as it spread to 205 countries and territories.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/life/trend/big-hearted-saigonese-show-mettle-amid-covid-19-4078948.html|&nbspApril 4, 2020 04:59 pm GMT+7|Big-hearted Saigonese show mettle amid Covid-19|As the novel coronavirus cripples city life, Saigonese are lending their fellow urbanites a hand.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/vietnam-s-covid-19-tally-up-by-four-to-222-4078275.html|&nbspApril 2, 2020 06:32 am GMT+7|Vietnam's Covid-19 tally up by four to 222|Vietnam confirmed four more Covid-19 cases early Thursday, with one more patient related to Hanoi’s Bach Mai Hospital. "Patient 219" is a 59-year-old woman from Hung Yen Province in northern Vietnam. She took care of a patient at the department of neurology at Bach Mai, staying in the same room with "Patient 133" on March 16. "Patient 133," a 66-year-old woman from the northern province of Lai Chau, was confirmed positive on March 24 after getting a heart ailment treated at the Bach Mai Hospital for three weeks. On March 25, on learning about the Lai Chau case, "Patient 219" immediately visited the National Hospital for Tropical Diseases in Hanoi’s Dong Anh District for checking. Her samples showed she had contracted the virus and she was admitted for treatment at the hospital. This latest case raises the number of infections associated with the Bach Mai Hospital, now the nation’s largest infection hotspot, to at least 40; 26 of them are employees of Truong Sinh Company, a food and logistic services provider to Bach Mai. The remaining three cases recorded Thursday morning are Vietnamese returning from abroad who had been quarantined upon arrival. "Patient 220" is a 20-year-old man who returned from France on March 17. He was sent to a quarantine camp in Hanoi’s Thach That District and developed Covid-19 symptoms of fever and cough on March 22. "Patient 221" is 24, a student in Canada. She returned to Vietnam March 24 on a flight transiting in Taipei, and was quarantined at an army facility in the northern province of Vinh Phuc. Her test results were confirmed positive on March 30. "Patient 222" is a 28-year-old woman in Hanoi's Phuc Loi Commune, Long Bien District. She lives and works and the U.S. She flew home on March 20 and tested positive on March 30. Of the 222 Covid-19 cases confirmed in Vietnam until now, 64 have been discharged from hospital. Vietnam declared Covid-19 a national epidemic Wednesday afternoon with infections recorded in 25 out of 63 cities and provinces. The Covid-19 pandemic has so far spread to 203 countries and territories, claiming over 47,000 lives.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/vietnam-covid-19-cases-rise-by-five-to-227-4078384.html|&nbspApril 2, 2020 06:54 pm GMT+7|Vietnam Covid-19 cases rise by five to 227|Of five new infections confirmed Thursday evening by the Health Ministry, three are related to Vietnam's biggest Covid-19 hotspots in Hanoi and HCMC. Since several weeks, the Bach Mai Hospital in Hanoi and Buddha Bar & Grill in HCMC have emerged as Covid-19 hotspots, accounting for a majority of new infections. "Patient 223" is a woman, 29, from Hai Hau District in the northern province of Nam Dinh. She was taking care of a family member at the functional rehabilitation department of Bach Mai Hospital in Hanoi. Between March 11 and 14, she dined and visited the hospital’s canteen and met with many staff of the Truong Sinh Company, the food and logistic services provider to the hospital. She started to cough and ran a fever on March 26, and was sent to the National Hospital for Tropical Diseases in Dong Anh District for testing. She is now undergoing treatment at the hospital. "Patient 224" is a Brazilian man, 39, residing in Thao Dien Ward of HCMC’s District 2. He was a roommate of "Patient 158" at the Masteri apartment complex. "Patient 158" is among those infected from a party at the Buddha Bar in Thao Dien on March 14. On March 27, "Patient 224" was sent to a quarantine camp in Hoc Mon District as the city tracked down people who had attended the Buddha Bar party and those who had come into contact with them. After "Patient 224" tested positive, he was transferred to the city’s field hospital in Cu Chi District. "Patient 225" is a 35-year-old resident of An Dong Commune, An Duong District in the northern city of Hai Phong. He has been living and working in Moscow, Russia for 10 years. He returned to Vietnam on Aeroflot flight SU290, seat 50D, on March 25 and was sent to a quarantine camp in Hanoi’s Thach That District. After testing positive, he is being treated at the National Hospital for Tropical Diseases in Dong Anh District. "Patient 226" is 22. He flew back to Vietnam on the same Aeroflot flight as "Patient 212" from Moscow on March 27. He was quarantined at a facility in the northern province of Vinh Phuc. After his samples tested positive, he is being treated at the National Hospital for Tropical Diseases. "Patient 227," 31, is an employee of the Bao Viet insurance firm and son of "Patient 209." He came into close contact with his mother from March 16 to 25 and was isolated at the Duc Giang General Hospital in Hanoi's Long Bien District from March 27 onwards. He was confirmed positive on March 31 and transferred to the National Hospital for Tropical Diseases. "Patient 209" is a 55-year-old cook at Petrolimex Hanoi Co., Ltd in Hanoi. Between March 18 and 24, she had come into close contact with "Patient 163" at the company’s canteen. "Patient 163" is a 43-year-old Vietnamese woman, granddaughter of "Patient 161" and lives in Hanoi’s Long Bien District. She was a caretaker for her grandmother at the Bach Mai Hospital. That makes "Patient 227" the first fifth generation patient of Covid-19 in Vietnam. One of the largest hospitals in the country, Bach Mai is now Vietnam's largest Covid-19 hotspot with 42 related cases, 26 of them employees of the Truong Sinh Company. The Buddha Bar & Grill in HCMC is the second largest hotspot, with the latest addition bringing the number of related patients to 16. As of Thursday night, Vietnam has confirmed 227 Covid-19 infections, 75 of whom have been discharged from hospitals. Vietnam declared Covid-19 a national epidemic Wednesday afternoon. To date, the Covid-19 pandemic has killed more than 49,000, spreading to 203 countries and territories.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/hcmc-hospital-discharges-three-more-covid-19-patients-4078593.html|&nbspApril 3, 2020 12:09 pm GMT+7|HCMC hospital discharges three more Covid-19 patients|Three patients were released from the Covid-19 Treatment Hospital in HCMC's Can Gio District Friday, raising the national discharge total to 78. Patients 99, 100 and 121, all Vietnamese residents of HCMC, had tested positive for the novel coronavirus after returning from abroad. "Patient 99" is a 29-year-old man residing in Binh Thanh District. He flew back from Paris on Air France flight AF258, seat 33H, on March 18 and was transferred to a quarantine zone in District 12. His sample tested positive for Covid-19 on March 21. "Patient 100" is a 55 year-old man living in District 8 with a history of diabetes and arthritis. He returned to Vietnam from Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia on AirAsia flight AK524 on March 3 and had quarantined himself at home. From March 4 to 17, he went to pray five times a day at the Jamiul Anwar Mosque in District 8. On March 18, he was still asymptomatic, but his samples were taken by the District 8 medical center because he was among those who had participated in a Muslim ceremony in Malaysia that later had recorded hundreds of infections. His samples tested positive. "Patient 121" is a 58-year-old man in Tan Binh District. On March 18, he and his wife flew from New York to Vietnam on ANA Airlines flight NH831 that transited at Japan’s Narita airport. The couple landed March 19 at the Tan Son Nhat airport and he was confirmed positive the next day. All three discharged patients will be medically monitored at home for the next 14 days. HCMC has so far recorded 18 patients who have recovered from their Covid-19 infections and been discharged from hospitals. This is the second batch of discharges at the Covid-19 Treatment Hospital in Can Gio District. In the first, a 54-year-old Latvian man, "Patient 54," was released on March 31. With 300 beds, the Can Gio hospital lies 50 km from downtown HCMC and has been used from March 16 to admit Covid-19 patients for treatment and quarantine those suspected to have the disease. With the 78 people discharged so far, Vietnam now has 155 Covid-19 active patients.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/vietnam-losing-track-of-covid-19-transmission-expert-4078564.html|&nbspApril 2, 2020 07:04 pm GMT+7|Vietnam losing track of Covid-19 transmission: expert|The threat of spreading Covid-19 in Vietnam is increasing since medics could not identify the source of infection at its current hotspot. Tran Dac Phu, senior advisor at the Public Health Emergency Operations Center under the Health Ministry, said there is still no clue as to who the source was that first introduced Covid-19, the respiratory illness caused by the novel coronavirus, to Bach Mai Hospital in Hanoi. The hospital is now the nation’s largest infection hotspot. By Thursday morning, the number of cases associated with the facility had increased to at least 42; 26 of them employees of Truong Sinh Company, the food and logistic services provider to Bach Mai. Authorities had identified all sources at previous hotspots across the nation, enabling them to track down and keep all those that had come in close contact with them under close monitor. Most recently, "Patient 17", the first infection confirmed in Hanoi and "Patient 34" in south central Binh Thuan Province, who had both returned from abroad and then tested positive, are typical examples of such sources. "For hotspots that we could not identify the source of transmission, the risk of spreading infection in the community is very high and therefore, everybody should stay home." At this stage, what the health sector and local authorities could do is try to detect all suspected cases as early as they could, then locate and isolate affected areas. The national social distancing rule the government has requested citizens to follow is for the purpose of preventing healthy people from directly contacting those that have contracted the virus, Phu told a meeting Thursday. The new coronavirus is easily transmitted via close and direct contact and thus, the further people stay away from each other, the better. "Once social distancing is practiced well, a hotspot will not have a chance to grow bigger. It’s just like a fire: if the fires are just small ones, we totally have the ability to kill each of them off," he confirmed. On the contrary, if the epidemic spreads widely, authorities could not locate the affected areas, allowing the number of infections to grow out of control, placing the medical system under great pressure. What comes next would be a high fatality rate because doctors could not focus their efforts and time on treating each patient as has been happening so far in Vietnam. "What everybody needs to do right now is stay inside and only go out when it is truly necessary," he insisted. Truong Huu Khanh, head of the infection and internal neurology department at the Children's Hospital No.1 in HCMC, said losing track of the source of transmission is what must be prepared for. However, he said, if practiced well, social distancing can cut the chain of transmission and even when the sources of infection are still out there in the community, there is no way they could transmit the virus widely. For a source of infection from abroad, Phu praised Vietnam’s efforts of sending all entries to quarantine camps, not only for two week isolation but also testing. "This method has allowed us to resist until today and keep the number of infections from surging while many other countries have seen their cases jump from 100 to 1,000 in just one week," he said. Phu confirmed the epidemic in Vietnam, until today, remains under control. Aside from two nurses confirmed positive on March 20, the Bach Mai Hospital has yet to record cases among its staff. From April 1, Prime Minister Nguyen Xuan Phuc has imposed a 15-day nationwide social distancing campaign, banning gatherings of over two people and asking people not to leave their homes. The government also suspended all inbound international flights and halted road transport services until April 15 to limit travel in the country of 94 million. It also shut down all "non-essential" services like bars, karaoke parlors and spas until April 15 and closed its borders with neighboring countries Cambodia, China and Laos. It declared Covid-19 a national epidemic on Wednesday afternoon when the infection tally reached 212. As of Thursday, the number of infections in the country has gone up to 227, including 75 who have recovered and been discharged from hospital. Many of the active cases are people, both Vietnamese and foreigners, coming from Europe and the U.S., and others who came into contact with them.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/vietnam-pm-declares-covid-19-a-national-epidemic-4078006.html|&nbspApril 1, 2020 01:35 pm GMT+7|Vietnam PM declares Covid-19 a national epidemic|Prime Minister Nguyen Xuan Phuc officially declared Covid-19 a national epidemic Wednesday afternoon, as the infection tally reached 212 in 25 localities. When the PM had declared the Covid-19 outbreak an epidemic on February 1, there were only six people infected by the disease in three provinces - Khanh Hoa, Thanh Hoa and Vinh Phuc. The government then classified the coronavirus infection a "class A infectious disease of global emergency" that can transmit from human to human through the respiratory system. According to the Law on Prevention and Control of Infectious Diseases, class A infectious diseases consist of extremely dangerous infectious diseases that are capable of rapid, widespread transmission with a high mortality rate. Class A infectious diseases include polio, influenza A-H5N1, plague, smallpox, Ebola, Lassa and Marburg hemorrhagic fever, West Nile fever, yellow fever, cholera, severe acute respiratory infections caused by viruses and other dangerous infectious diseases of unknown cause. Vietnam has implemented 10 forms of responses under the Law on Prevention and Control of Infectious Diseases, including the establishment of the National Steering Committee for Covid-19 Prevention and Control, implementing health declarations requirements, organizing testing and mobilizing resources for treatment. This time, the Prime Minister officially and specifically pronounced the Covid-19 a national epidemic, with infections recorded in 25 of 63 cities and provinces, Hanoi and HCMC the worst hit. The Law on Prevention and Control of Infectious Diseases stipulates that the Prime Minister declares a disease an epidemic at the request of the Minister of Health for Group A infectious diseases when it spreads from one province to another and seriously affects lives and people's health. At a higher level, this law also states that, the legislative National Assembly declares a state of emergency at the request of the prime minister. In cases when the National Assembly Standing Committee cannot meet immediately, the president shall issue an emergency declaration. As of Wednesday morning, Vietnam had recorded 212 infections, of which 63 have been discharged from hospital. To date, the Covid-19 pandemic has claimed more than 42,300 lives in 203 countries and territories.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/covid-19-demographics-majority-of-patients-in-vietnam-under-50-4078939.html|&nbspApril 3, 2020 03:59 pm GMT+7|Covid-19 demographics: majority of patients in Vietnam under 50|About 70 percent of the Covid-19 cases in Vietnam are in the 20-49 age group that’s dominated by those in their 20s. Vietnam had recorded 233 Covid-19 cases. Of these, the majority are Vietnamese at 83 percent, and the remaining are foreigners, expats and visitors. Of the total confirmations, 85 patients are in their 20s, which make up the majority (36 percent), according to the Ministry of Health. People in their 30s and 40s comprise around 15 percent each. The infection demographics can be explained by the fact that most cases were imported. Patients in the above-mentioned age ranges are returning overseas students and migrant workers. Young patients from 10 to 19 years old are also overseas students or children accompanying their parents returning from abroad. Vietnam has only seen seven children being infected by the coronavirus, three of whom have been discharged from hospital. Family transmission has been the cause of all infections among children under nine. Since the fortnight-long Lunar New Year holiday that started January 17, most students at secondary level and under have not gone back to school with their break being extended multiple times on safety considerations. This could be a factor that has prevented infections in this age group. Vietnam has not reported any school-related infection so far. The elderly consist of 10 percent of all reported cases. Of these, there are 18 patients in their 60s (7.7 percent), and four patients in their 70s (1.7 percent). There was only one patient in her 80s, , a 88-year-old Vietnamese woman who lives in Van Lam District in the northern province of Hung Yen. She was at the Bach Mai Hospital March 17-22, Vietnam’s largest Covid-19 hotspot to date, where she was treated in the same room with another infected patient. Of the five critically ill patients, four are senior citizens - the 88-year-old, a 64-year-old Vietnamese women and two British, 69 and 74 years old. The Health Ministry has advised elders in Vietnam to stay at home. HCMC authorities said Thursday the city will provide home treatment or deploy remote medical counseling for the elders. As of Friday, 85 patients in Vietnam have been discharged. Vietnam declared Covid-19 a national epidemic Wednesday afternoon. To date, the Covid-19 pandemic has claimed almost 53,000 lives as it spread to 204 countries and territories.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/hanoi-introduces-first-rapid-mass-testing-for-covid-19-4077591.html|&nbspMarch 31, 2020 08:38 pm GMT+7|Hanoi introduces first rapid mass testing for Covid-19|Hundreds who had recently visited the Bach Mai Hospital, a major Covid-19 outbreak area in Hanoi, were tested for the virus Tuesday.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/covid-19-hotspots-account-for-three-new-cases-in-vietnam-4075654.html|&nbspMarch 31, 2020 06:15 pm GMT+7|Covid-19 hotspots account for three new cases in Vietnam|Two Vietnamese and one Brazilian associated with two Covid-19 hotspots in Hanoi and HCMC were confirmed infected Tuesday evening. The three new cases took Vietnam’s Covid-19 tally to 207. "Patient 205" is a 41-year-old Vietnamese man who works for the Truong Sinh Company, which provides food and water for Hanoi's Bach Mai Hospital, one major Covid-19 hotspot in the country. "Patient 206" is a 48-year-old Vietnamese man in Saigon's District 2, a chauffeur for Patients 124 and 151, often driving the latter two to multiple company branches in Dong Nai Province's Vinh Cuu District and Saigon's District 12. "Patient 124" was found to be infected after attending a party at the Buddha Bar in the district; following which "Patient 206" was quarantined in a military school in Cu Chi District. On March 27, he developed a sore throat, before testing positive on March 28. He's now being treated at the Cu Chi Field Hospital and is in stable health. "Patient 207," a 49-year-old Brazilian man in Saigon's District 2, is the husband of "Patient 151" and colleague of "Patient 124." He first tested negative on March 22, before being quarantined at a military school in Cu Chi District on March 23. He developed a sore throat on March 27 and tested positive on March 28. He's also being treated at the Cu Chi Field Hospital, and his health is stable. Tuesday additions thus far have raised the number of patients linked to the Buddha Bar to 15 and to the Bach Mai Hospital to 34. Of the 207 Covid-19 patients confirmed in Vietnam until now, 58 have been cured and discharged from hospitals. Most of the active cases are those who have returned from Europe and the U.S. and people who’ve had close contact with them. The Covid-19 pandemic has spread to 200 countries and territories, claiming over 38,000 lives.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/active-covid-19-cases-down-to-45-as-five-more-recover-in-hanoi-4090170.html|&nbspApril 25, 2020 06:00 pm GMT+7|Active Covid-19 cases down to 45 as five more recover in Hanoi|Five more Covid-19 patients being treated at Hanoi's National Hospital of Tropical Diseases, have recovered, doctors said Saturday. The recovered cases bring the country's tally of active infections down to 45, including five relapse cases. One of them, "Patient 167," is a 20-year-old Danish woman. She landed in Hanoi on March 8, then went on trips to several localities like Ha Giang Province, Hue Town, Da Nang City and Quang Nam Province. She was confirmed positive on March 28. Two others, "Patient 176" and "Patient 195," are employees of the Truong Sinh company, which provides food and logistic services to several Hanoi hospitals, including the Bach Mai Hospital, which had become the nation’s top Covid-19 hotspot at one point. "Patient 176" is a 38-year-old woman from the northern province of Thai Binh who was confirmed positive on March 29. "Patient 195" is a 41-year-old woman in Hanoi's Hoang Mai District. She was confirmed positive on March 30. The other two, "Patient 253" and "Patient 258," are believed to have contracted the virus, directly or indirectly, from a 47-year-old male Covid-19 patient in Hanoi's Me Linh District, who visited Bach Mai Hospital on March 12. Both reside in Ha Loi Village in Hanoi's Me Linh District, another major Covid-19 hotspot. "Patient 253" is a 41-year-old sister-in-law of the aforementioned 47-year-old man. She was confirmed positive on April 9. "Patient 258" is a 47-year-old woman in Ha Loi. The aforementioned 47-year-old man, a friend of her husband, visited her home on March 20. She was confirmed positive on April 11. As of Friday morning, Vietnam had gone eight straight days clear of new infections. On Friday evening, two new cases were confirmed, both students studying in Japan who returned to Vietnam on April 22. The country recorded no new case Saturday morning. The Covid-19 pandemic has reached 210 countries and territories with a reported death toll of over 197,700.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/covid-19-who-gets-quarantined-in-vietnam-4063601.html|&nbspMarch 3, 2020 08:37 pm GMT+7|Covid-19: Who gets quarantined in Vietnam?|As per Vietnam’s current regulations, everyone entering Vietnam from mainland China, Italy, Iran and South Korea have to be quarantined for at least 14 days. Vietnam started to take particularly strong measures on managing arrivals on February 3 when Prime Minister Nguyen Xuan Phuc ordered that all Vietnamese and foreigners for 14 days. The order applied to everyone who had passed by any of the 31 provinces in mainland China that had reported the novel coronavirus infection. On February 25, when the virus began spreading far outside China, the PM that had been hit by the new coronavirus, including those in South Korea, Italy, Japan and Iran. In exclusive cases, people who had to enter Vietnam for state affairs or other special reasons have to complete health declaration procedures and then stay in quarantine for 14 days, he ordered. This meant that people from countries stricken by Covid-19 but from cities and provinces free of the novel coronavirus did not have to be quarantined for 14 days. They only had to submit a health declaration and follow procedures deemed necessary on entering Vietnam. Then on Monday, Vietnam decided to classify three more nations, South Korea, Iran and Italy, as epidemic-hit nations, apart from China. This means that all people entering Vietnam from any area of these three nations have to be quarantined for 14 days, and any Vietnamese citizen traveling to any of the four nations will be quarantined and monitored on their return. Local authorities at the port of entry will decide where a person will be quarantined and kept under medical observation. If a person develops any of the symptoms associated with the novel coronavirus infection, her/his body fluids will be tested and she/he will be moved to a hospital for further isolation and treatment in case test results are positive for the virus. During their quarantine period, the person will be fed three meals a day and provided with other essential items needed for their daily life and routines. Once doctors certify that the quarantined persons are free of the virus, they will be placed under additional monitoring at home or medical camps until doctors decide they can be discharged. On Tuesday, the number of people suspected of the coronavirus infection in Vietnam . None of the suspects were reported in Hanoi, Ho Chi Minh City and Da Nang, the three largest cities in the country. The Health Ministry deems those returning from stricken areas or those who’ve had direct contact with returnees from stricken areas and/or those who show Covid-19 symptoms as novel coronavirus suspects. As of Monday, Vietnam had either quarantined in field hospitals or placed under medical monitoring over 10,000 people. While the nation has not detected any new infections since February 13, and has discharged all 16 who’d tested positive for the novel coronavirus earlier, the global death toll continues to climb as the epidemic crosses national barriers to hit 76 countries and territories so far. 3,130 have died of the Covid-19 infection so far. Mainland China has suffered the most deaths at 2,945, followed by Iran with 77, Italy with 52 and South Korea with 28. The U.S. has reported six deaths and Japan 12, including six on a cruise ship.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/vietnam-jails-five-men-for-violence-on-covid-19-task-forces-4090048.html|&nbspApril 25, 2020 12:05 pm GMT+7|Vietnam jails five men for violence on Covid-19 task forces|Five men were sentenced Friday to between eight months and four years in prison for violence against Covid-19 task forces in three localities. In Hanoi's Bac Tu Liem District, Nguyen Dac Tung, 29, received nine months while Le Ngoc Linh and Tran Dang Minh got eight months each. On the evening of April 4, the three men were drinking and singing karaoke at a grill bar when the task force asked them to disperse. Instead of cooperating, the three men verbally and physically abused the team and Tung punched a police officer of the Phu Dien Ward in the face. Also Friday, Nguyen Van Thien, 37, was sentenced to 18 months in prison for threatening violence on members of the Covid-19 task force in Van Canh District, Binh Dinh Province in south-central Vietnam. On April 11, the task force noticed that Thien’s coffee shop had more than 10 customers, violating social distancing norms. When he was asked to close the shop, Thien threatened an officer with a knife. He went to his car, took out an 80 cm knife and chased the officers. When an officer was making a report at the scene, Thien hit him with a plastic stool, injuring him in the arm. Van Canh District police later arrested Thien, who had also refused to comply with an earlier request made April 4 to close his shop temporarily. In the northern province of Hai Duong, Le Quang Huy, 37 was sentenced to four years in prison for stealing a thermometer while going through temperature check at a Covid-19 checkpoint. He was sentenced by the province’s Nam Sach District court. On April 9, at 8 p.m., Huy was going home after drinking at his father-in-law’s house when he was stopped for having his temperature checked. During the process, Huy snatched the thermometer and drove away. Two members of the task force gave chase on their motorbikes, but failed to catch up with him. Later that night, he returned the thermometer at another checkpoint in the district and turned himself in at the district police station the next day. All three violations in the cases listed above occurred while a two-week nationwide social distancing campaign was in force. It required people to stay indoors and not go out except for emergencies or buying food and medicine, and banned the gathering of more than two people in public places. Many people have been jailed for assaulting and resisting Covid-19 task force members during this period. Thousands have been fined for violating social distancing norms and leaving homes for "non-essential" reasons. The number of active Covid-19 cases in the country is now 45 after the discharge of 225 patients. The Covid-19 pandemic has reached 210 countries and territories with a reported death toll of almost 197,000.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/hcmc-to-let-covid-19-doctors-rest-in-hotels-4077375.html|&nbspMarch 31, 2020 03:11 pm GMT+7|HCMC to let Covid-19 doctors rest in hotels|Doctors and nurses treating Covid-19 patients in Ho Chi Minh City can rest in hotels and enjoy dining services there. The city is planning to use three hotels to provide accommodation and dining for doctors and nurses working at three hospitals that are treating Covid-19 patients and quarantining those suspected to have the disease, the municipal health department said Monday. Several hotel operators have registered to offer their services for quarantining purposes. For now, the city is treating Covid-19 patients and quarantining suspects at the HCMC Hospital for Tropical Diseases and two of its field hospitals in the two outlying districts of Cu Chi and Can Gio. The municipal Health Department is mobilizing more doctors and nurses so that they can take turns to be on duty at the three field hospitals. As of Tuesday morning, , of whom 10 have been discharged. The rest are in stable condition. In all, Vietnam has confirmed 204 Covid-19 infections, of whom 55 have recovered and been discharged. Many of the currently active cases are Vietnamese nationals returning from Europe and the U.S., foreigners coming from the same regions and those who’d come into contact with both groups of people. There have been at least 13 cases linked to the Buddha Bar & Grill in HCMC's expat precinct in District 2's Thao Dien Ward, and . The hospital, one of Vietnam's largest, has been locked down since Saturday. Prime Minister Nguyen Xuan Phuc on Monday agreed with a Health Ministry proposal to declare the Covid-19 outbreak 'a national epidemic' and asked everyone to stay put, wherever they are, for at least 15 days. The government had decided Sunday to suspend all international passenger flights to Vietnam and limit flights between Hanoi, Ho Chi Minh City and other localities in the coming two weeks. Starting March 22, Vietnam also suspended entry for all foreign nationals, including those of Vietnamese origin and family members with visa waivers.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/six-new-covid-19-cases-take-national-tally-to-218-4078229.html|&nbspApril 1, 2020 07:48 pm GMT+7|Six new Covid-19 cases take national tally to 218|The Health Ministry confirmed Wednesday evening six new Covid-19 cases, all Vietnamese citizens, bringing the national tally to 218. Three of the new infections are linked to the Bach Mai Hospital in Hanoi that has become a major hotspot of the novel coronavirus and other three are citizens returning from abroad. All three were quarantined upon arrival. "Patient 213" is a 40-year-old woman in Hanoi’s Thanh Oai District who had visited the Bach Mai Hospital for a checkup. She isolated herself at home after learning about the outbreak in the hospital. Swab samples collected by health officials tested positive. "Patient 214" is a 45-year-old woman who works for the Truong Sinh Company, a food and logistic services provider to the Bach Mai Hospital that has also been implicated in a large number of infections. "Patient 215" is a 31-year-old male employee of the Truong Sinh Company. So far 26 Truong Sinh employees have contracted the virus. "Patient 216" is a 48-year old woman returning from Germany who landed March 23 in Hanoi and Aeroflot flight SU290. "Patient 217" is a 25-year-old woman from the central province of Nghe An who flew from Japan to Hanoi, landing March 25 on Nippon Airways flight NH857. "Patient 218" is a 43-year old woman from the northern province of Thai Nguyen who landed in Hanoi March 25 on Aeroflot flight SU290 from Moscow. All patients are being treated at the National Hospital of Tropical Diseases in Hanoi’s Dong Anh District. The latest six cases bring Wednesday’s Covid-19 confirmations to 11; and of the national total of 218. Sixty three have been discharged from hospitals. The Covid-19 pandemic has spread to 203 countries and territories, claiming over 42,000 lives.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/covid-19-outbreak-puts-the-poor-in-dire-straits-4078029.html|&nbspApril 2, 2020 10:00 am GMT+7|Covid-19 outbreak puts the poor in dire straits|Street vendor Le Thi Hong could not sleep as thoughts over numerous expenses bombarded her. Hong woke her child at 4 a.m. to get ready for a new day. The 38-year-old street vendor and her four-year-old daughter lives in a 12-square-meter rented room in Dong Nai Province near HCMC. The girl, still hungry for more sleep, shared a bowl of instant noodles with her mom. After the meager breakfast, Hong brought her daughter to an acquaintance who takes care of the child for VND60,000 ($2.5) a day before she hit the street in search of customers. She carried a basket of different tiny things like Q-tips, hair ties and key chains. Before the Lunar New Year festival, Sunday felt like payday to street vendors like Hong. "On Sundays, profits were around VND500,000 ($21), enough to feed me and my daughter and support my husband and our two kids back home," said Hong, one of many migrant workers who left their families in northern or central Vietnam for a job in the middle of industrial and commercial centers in the south. The first two Covid-19 cases in Vietnam, two Chinese nationals, were reported at the start of the Lunar New Year holiday, on January 23. In the wake of the Covid-19 spread, restaurants are closed, factory workers are out of work, people receive decreased salaries and shop less. Street vendors like Hong receive nothing but ‘no's’ when trying to make a sale. Having no luck on busy streets, Hong entered small alleys to knock on people’s doors, but to no avail. "Give me some Q-tips you," a man told Hong before grabbing a bag from her basket and walking away. "You forgot to pay," Hong called after him, but the man paid no heed. It was near noon and her shirt was drenched in sweat. Hong had only VND80,000 ($3.4) in her pocket, not enough for the day's expenses. She took out a handkerchief and placed it on the back of her neck to alleviate the pressure of the string holding the basket she carried, and moved on to another alley. "I don’t have any rice field, fishing doesn’t earn much, I have three kids so I had to migrate to make a living. Now because of the disease, people shoo me away like a plague when they see me. If I go back to my hometown I won’t know what to do," Hong said. She earns about VND100,000 ($4.2) a day, only a third of what she used to. Hong still buys her daughter milk and pays for her daycare. Their meal consisting of 100 gram of meat, an egg and vegetables costs VND40,000. Her daughter usually gets the meat and egg, while Hong eats dried fish. A lot of neighbors had left Dong Nai and gone back to their hometown, but Hong remained reluctant until her husband pleaded with her. "You stay but can’t sell anything. We are together, hungry or full," he told her on the phone as she wept. She packed light and told her landlord she would return after the outbreak is contained. The mother and daughter got on a bus heading to central Vietnam. She plans to buy and rear five chickens and plant vegetables to feed the family. "I wish the sea is calm so I could catch fish to eat," she thought to herself on the ride home. While Hong headed home uncertain about her family's future, some of her street colleagues in HCMC now depend on donations to stay out of hunger. In their rented 10-square-meter room in Thanh Loc Ward, District 12, HCMC, Chau Ngoc Nu, 83, and her daughter Le Thi Kim Thanh, 48, both scrap collectors, waited gifts from a humanitarian agency. Knowing they would receive five packs of instant noodles, five masks, and a bottle of soy sauce, Nu said with a sigh: "I have been eating noodles for days. We need more rice." Nu and her daughter Thanh collect scrap for a living. Thanh’s child is a water delivery man, earning VND4.5 million ($191) a month. Nu and Thanh together earned less than a million dong ($43) this month. She’s afraid her grandson would lose his job now all business activities have been suspended. Unable to sleep, Nu got up at 1 a.m. to look for scrap. She went through garbage bags in front of people’s homes to look for cans or anything she could sell. "I have to get up early, otherwise garbage trucks will collect everything at 5 a.m.," she explained. Nu only ate half an instant noodle pack for breakfast that morning, the other half shelved for later. Her 22-year-old grandson bought a loaf of bread for breakfast and cut it in half to share with her. "You are young you eat, I’m old I don’t need to eat," she said, pushing the bread towards him. On certain days when she managed to make more money than usual from the scrap she collected, Nu rewarded herself with a bowl of (rice noodle soup with porks) and a cup of iced coffee. Since restaurants were closed because of the Covid-19 epidemic, there are no more cans and plastic bottles for her to pick up. She has since forgot the taste of store-bought sticky rice and porridge. She even cannot afford to add some vegetables to her home-made bowl of instant noodle. Nu suffers from a heart condition and ischemia. She has to take six supplements per day. To save money, she took three a day, then two. Now, she has stopped taking supplements for a week. As her neighbors rushed to the market to stock essentials, Nu stayed back and checked her kitchen, which still held some rice, salt and fish sauce. "This is enough, when we are hungry we can make porridge out of the rice," she said. "If we run out of rice, we eat instant noodles." Nu said she has to spare some money for her medicine, as if she falls sick and has to go to hospital, it would be worse. Nu’s daughter, Thanh suffers from peptic ulcers, but she couldn’t afford medicine due to the loss of income. Neither Nu or Thanh have health insurance. The entire household’s expenses now rest on the shoulders of the water delivery son. The epidemic has also crippled lottery ticket sellers, especially after the government ordered to shut down the business for 15 days from April 1. Nguyen Thi Thu Thao, who lives and works in Binh Duong Province, another HCMC neighbor, was startled when she heard the news. The 43-year-old single mother makes ends meet by selling lottery tickets. She doesn’t keep up to date with the daily developments of confirmed Covid-19 cases, but suffers the blow as it gets harder to make money. She managed to sell a dozen tickets to some frequent customers on Monday. Strangers only waved her away. Vendors get to keep VND1,000 from each VND10,000 lottery ticket they sell. "I can go around and try to sell until afternoon, but if I stop, my child and I will starve to death. When I heard the news, my head was in a muddle, I couldn’t remember where I was going," Thao said. She has been selling lottery tickets to feed her child and pay school fees for over 10 years. After work on Monday, she came to her landlord and asked for a discount on the rent, but the request was mercilessly rejected. "I only feel sad and sorry for myself." The next morning, Thao joined the crowd to stock food at the market, buying a few potatoes, two pumpkins, a cabbage, and a little dried shrimp. As she was leaving the market, Thao heard a familiar voice: "Hey, let me give you a gift voucher and you can go to the park tomorrow to claim it. I couldn’t find you anywhere before." It was Doan Thi Duong, owner of the lottery store where Thao gets tickets to sell. The 46-year-old woman felt sorry for the ticket vendors when she had to inform them of the bad news. "Some looked astonished, others cried. I feel sorry for them so I decided to give them some gift vouchers. I was looking for them the entire morning," Duong said. Hundreds of people get tickets from Duong’s store to sell. Most are old people, those with disabilities or homeless. On Tuesday morning, Thao was one of the 200 lottery ticket vendors in Thu Dau Mot that received the VND500,000 ($21) gift voucher and a box of instant noodles sponsored by Duong. "When I have money tomorrow I will also buy some meat and five kilos of rice. The city loudspeakers said we have to eat well to fight the virus," Thao said.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/vietnam-cuts-air-road-transportation-to-curb-covid-19-4077970.html|&nbspApril 1, 2020 06:16 pm GMT+7|Vietnam cuts air, road transportation to curb Covid-19|Vietnam has suspended all inbound flights, cut down drastically on domestic flights and halted passenger road transport including taxis until April 15. The flight suspension would not apply to passengers who enter Vietnam for diplomatic or other official purposes; foreign guests who participate in important exchange activities; experts, business managers, highly-skilled workers and other special cases as approved by the National Steering Committee for the Prevention and Control of Covid-19. Localities in need of bringing in these people can make requests to central government agencies. Vietnam has already suspended entry for all foreign nationals, including those of Vietnamese origin and family members with visa waivers, except the special cases mentioned above, starting March 22 as one of many measures taken to stem the spread of Covid-19. The new directive will mean that all airlines, including international ones, would have to stop flying to Vietnam, and even Vietnamese would not be allowed to enter the country. Additionally, the Transport Ministry has ordered the Civil Aviation Authority of Vietnam to limit the number of domestic flights to two flights per day from Hanoi to Saigon and vice versa, one flight per day from Hanoi to Da Nang, and one flight per day from Saigon to Da Nang. All contracted vehicles, coaches, taxis and buses would also be suspended nationwide until April 15, except for vehicles used for official purposes, or to transport food, workers and materials, the Transport Ministry has announced. Only one train will travel from Hanoi to Saigon and vice versa each day. No ship is allowed to transport passengers from the mainland to islands; only goods can be transported. Prime Minister Nguyen Xuan Phuc had already announced a strict nationwide social distancing campaign lasting until April 15, in which people are discouraged from leaving their homes and public gatherings of more than two people are not allowed. People should only leave home for emergencies, to buy food and medicine, and to work in factories, production facilities and businesses that involve trade in "essential" goods and services.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/us-to-pump-3-mln-into-vietnam-covid-19-fight-4077458.html|&nbspMarch 31, 2020 06:00 pm GMT+7|US to pump $3 mln into Vietnam Covid-19 fight|The U.S. would aid Vietnam with nearly $3 million in health assistance to help fight the ongoing Covid-19 pandemic, its Department of State announced. Specifically, the aid would help Vietnam prepare laboratory systems, activate case-finding and event-based surveillance, support technical experts in response and preparedness, risk communication, infection prevention and control, according to a fact sheet published on the U.S. Department of State's official website on March 27. The aid to Vietnam is part of an initial investment of nearly $274 million in emergency health and humanitarian assistance to help up to 64 countries and territories most-at-risk of the ongoing Covid-19 pandemic, which has infected over 785,000 and killed over 37,800 worldwide. Vietnam has recorded 204 Covid-19 cases so far, of whom 55 have recovered and been discharged. Many of the active cases are Vietnamese nationals returning from Europe and the U.S., foreigners coming from the same regions and those who’d come into contact with both groups of people. The U.S. has become the worst hit nation in the Covid-19 pandemic, reporting more than 164,350 cases including 3,173 deaths.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/vietnam-to-compensate-covid-19-job-loss-with-monthly-allowance-4077947.html|&nbspApril 1, 2020 12:18 pm GMT+7|Vietnam to compensate Covid-19 job loss with monthly allowance|A government proposal would allow people whose employment is adversely affected by the Covid-19 crisis to receive a monthly allowance of VND1.8 million ($77). The proposal would cover contract employees, part-time workers and those on unpaid leave or have reduced income as a result of the Covid-19 pandemic’s impacts on the country. Prime Minister Nguyen Xuan Phuc made the proposal at a government meeting Tuesday, setting the allowance at half the minimum wage. Phuc also requested that businesses ensure they have enough funds to pay their affected employees. Those without enough funds would be allowed to borrow from the Vietnam Bank for Social Policies (VBSP) at preferential interest rates, and the State Bank of Vietnam would be required to supply the VBSP with more funds. Also under the proposal, the poor would receive a monthly allowance of VND1 million ($43), while social protection beneficiaries and those with meritorious services would receive VND500,000 per month. Household businesses that have had to suspend operation and suffer difficulties due to Covid-19 would also be supported with VND1 million per month. The allowances would be provided over at least three months (until June), and would be taken from the central government and local administrations' budgets, with the total estimated at VND28-30 trillion ($1.2- 1.3 billion). Phuc said that the current emergency situation requires the government to ensure basic living standards for the people, especially for laborers, the poor, the weak, part-time workers and those who have lost their jobs, as Covid-19 has heavily impacted on not only production, businesses and state budget revenue but also the people's lives. However, he also stressed that the proposed scheme would "only support the affected people, without overlooking anyone and without letting it be taken advantage of." As of Wednesday morning, Vietnam had recorded 212 Covid-19 cases, of which 60 had been discharged from hospitals. Globally, the Covid-19 pandemic has spread to 202 countries and territories, claiming over 42,000 lives.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/business/companies/toyota-vietnam-halts-production-over-covid-19-concerns-4077442.html|&nbspMarch 31, 2020 12:29 pm GMT+7|Toyota Vietnam halts production over Covid-19 concerns|Japanese automaker Toyota has announced it would halt production at its Vietnam factory as a Covid-19 safety measure. A restart date for production at the company’s factory in the northern Vinh Phuc Province is yet to be determined, as it would depend on the pandemic's development, the supply chain situation, agencies' inventories, market demand and the government's decision. The Japanese joint venture said its decision to halt production starting Monday aimed to ensure the health of its employees, customers and partners as the Covid-19 pandemic was still developing in a complicated manner. Last Saturday, the company closed all 10 Toyota agencies and a Lexus showroom in Hanoi following the capital city's instruction to suspend all "non-essential" businesses and services as part of the country's fight against Covid-19. Toyota is the second automaker to halt production in Vietnam over the Covid-19 pandemic, following American automaker in the northern province of Hai Duong starting last Thursday. Toyota currently distributes 14 product lines in Vietnam, most of them imported. However, the models with good sales in the country are those assembled domestically like Vios, Fortuner, Innova, Camry and Altis. Last year, Toyota was the best-selling car brand in Vietnam with 78,795 units sold, followed by TC Motor with 69,916 Hyundai cars. The third best-selling automaker was Thaco with 66,470 Kia, Mazda and Peugeot cars.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/65-patients-test-covid-19-negative-in-vietnam-4076774.html|&nbspMarch 30, 2020 10:27 am GMT+7|65 patients test Covid-19 negative in Vietnam|Among 169 Covid-19 patients being treated in Vietnam, 65 have tested negative between once and four times.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/travel/places/vietnam-counts-q1-tourism-damage-inflicted-by-covid-19-4076097.html|&nbspMarch 28, 2020 08:21 pm GMT+7|Vietnam counts Q1 tourism damage inflicted by Covid-19|Vietnam saw first-quarter foreign arrivals plummet as entry was restricted and tourism destinations closed in response to the coronavirus pandemic. The country welcomed nearly 3.7 million international tourists in the period, down 18.1 percent year-on-year, according to the General Statistics Office (GSO). Around 2.6 million Asians, who account for nearly 80 percent of total foreign arrivals, visited the country, down 21.1 percent. The number of Chinese tourists, the biggest feeder market for Vietnamese tourism, was 871,000, down 32 percent from a year ago. Starting February 1, Vietnam suspended all flights to and from China where the Covid-19 pandemic originated. Around 819,000 South Koreans, the second biggest feeder market, visited Vietnam, down 26 percent. From late February, the Vietnamese government canceled many flights from Vietnam to South Korea and suspended visa-free travel for South Koreans, one of the countries hit hardest by Covid-19 at that time. The number of Q1 European visitors to Vietnam was 664,000, down 3.1 percent from a year ago. In March alone, the number of foreign tourists to Vietnam was 449,000, down 63.8 percent from the previous month and 68.1 percent from a year ago. in the country have been closed since mid-March while around the country were shut down from Saturday until April 15 on the Prime Minister’s orders, with the country entering a critical stage in its Covid-19 fight. Small and big hotels have shut down, and more than 100 have offered to become paid quarantine zones. Europe is at now an epicenter of the Covid-19 pandemic, prompting the government to including those of Vietnamese origin and family members with visa waivers, and in an unprecedented move in the country. Only Vietnamese nationals and foreigners having diplomatic and official passports such as business managers, experts and high-skilled workers will be allowed to enter the country at this time, and all entrants will be quarantined for 14 days. Vietnam has so far recorded 174 Covid-19 infections and discharged 21 after treatment so far. Many of active cases are Vietnamese nationals retuning from Europe and the U.S. and foreigners coming from the same regions. The coronavirus pandemic has struck at a time Vietnam was enjoying a tourism boom, with visitor numbers last year growing 16.2 percent year-on-year to a record high of 18 million. The United Nations World Tourism Organization had placed Vietnam seventh among world’s 10 fastest-growing tourist destinations. Vietnam had targeted welcoming 20.5 million international visitors and 90 million domestic travelers this year, generating VND830 trillion ($35.6 billion) in tourism revenues, according to the national tourism administration.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/vietnam-closes-borders-with-laos-cambodia-in-covid-19-fight-4077556.html|&nbspApril 1, 2020 07:40 am GMT+7|Vietnam closes borders with Laos, Cambodia in Covid-19 fight|Vietnam has closed borders with its south-western neighbors Laos and Cambodia starting Wednesday in its continued bid to contain the Covid-19 pandemic. The country decided to suspend cross-border activities at main border gates, secondary border gates, trails and entry points at its border areas with Cambodia and Laos, the Foreign Ministry said in a release Tuesday. The measure aims to prevent the spread of the Covid-19 virus and ensure maximum effectiveness of Vietnam's anti-epidemic measures in the context that the country has recorded 212 infections, with many of them returning from Europe, U.S. and Cambodia or going through other pandemic-stricken areas. The decision has been conveyed to the Cambodian and Lao embassies. "Vietnam hopes to receive the cooperation of the governments of Laos and Cambodia and will continue to work closely with countries in the region and around the world to establish control early and stamp out the dangerous pandemic," the release said. Cambodia reported 107 Covid-19 infections and Laos nine. From March 20, Cambodia temporarily halted entry for Vietnamese citizens while Laos suspended entry for individuals at all international border gates across the country from March 30 to April 19. On March 26, Prime Minister Nguyen Xuan Phuc had said that Vietnam will provide Laos and Cambodia with medical equipment worth $100,000 each to aid their fight against the Covid-19 pandemic. He also said Vietnam was also willing to send medical experts to both countries if needed. Vietnam had earlier stopped issuing visas for those coming from outbreak areas in China and closed the borders to prevent the spread of the virus. The Covid-19 pandemic first broke out in the Chinese city of Wuhan last December before spreading around the world. In a tougher move, Vietnam also launched a nationwide social distancing campaign starting Wednesday, not allowing gatherings of more than two people and asking people not to leave their homes except for emergencies and procuring essential items like medicines. The Covid-19 pandemic has so far killed more than 37,800 people worldwide.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/travel/places/covid-19-impact-monkeys-on-da-nang-streets-raise-health-concerns-4089565.html|&nbspApril 24, 2020 08:00 pm GMT+7|Covid-19 impact: Monkeys on Da Nang streets raise health concerns|Troops of wild monkeys foraging for food in Da Nang streets have sparked safety and disease transmission concerns. A troop of around 100 wild monkeys were spotted Wednesday at the intersection of Hoang Sa and Le Van Luong streets at the foot of Da Nang's Son Tra Peninsula in central Vietnam, looking for food. Over the past several days, the city's Dong Dinh private museum has also been visited by many monkeys. "The monkeys pluck jackfruit and mangoes planted in the garden. After plucking all the fruits, they leave," said Doan Huy Giao, owner of the museum. Vo Dinh Cong, a local official, said that these monkeys typically gather in front of Linh Ung Pagoda in the Son Tra Peninsula, waiting for tourists to feed them. While Da Nang closed its tourist destinations to contain the spread of the novel coronavirus, the wild monkeys have hit the streets rather than look for food in the forest. "We put up warning signs regularly to remind people not to feed wild monkeys, but many people are still not aware of the harmful effects of feeding wild animals. As long as one person feeds them, the monkeys will continue to appear," said Cong, adding that on the Son Tra Peninsula, there have been many cases reported of wild monkeys attacking tourists. Tran Thang, head of the Son Tra Forest Protection Department in Ngu Hanh Son District, said many tourists in Son Tra feed monkeys with candies and bananas, which got them used to being fed, and they became aggressive in demanding food and even stealing from tourists. Such commotion on the road has also become a traffic safety issue. While the immediate solution is to warn people to let the monkeys find food for themselves, in the long term, we might seek local authorities’ approval to remove the monkeys to another place, Thang said. Researchers say that by feeding the wild animals, tourists have changed their living habits. From searching for food in their natural habitat, some monkeys have switched to food meant for humans, which is not really good for their digestive system. Ecologist Ha Thang Long, founder of the GreenViet Biodiversity Conservation Center, a Danang-based non-government organization that does biodiversity research, said that in addition to the negative impact on the monkeys, direct contact between humans and wild animals increases the risk of spreading infectious diseases from monkeys to humans. Many reports said wild animals have been identified as the link allowing the novel coronavirus to jump to humans, similar to the severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS) in 2002 and the Middle East respiratory syndrome (MERS) in 2012. The novel coronavirus, which causes Covid-19 that has claimed more than 191,000 lives after spreading to 210 countries and territories, could have originated from bats that passed on the virus to humans through an intermediate host. The wild monkeys that flock to Linh Ung Pagoda and a few other tourist sites in Son Tra Peninsula also visit a nearby landfill in their search for food. Local conservationists say a belief that it is a merit-gaining gesture to feed the monkeys has also exacerbated the problem. Le Xuan Tung, a nature photographer in Da Nang, said: "I had never thought that our goodwill would affect their natural instinct in such a negative way." Tung expressed regret for his personal contribution to the problem, saying he has offered fruit to the monkeys as a reward for their "cooperation" in his photo shoots. The Son Tra Peninsula, which covers more than 4,400 hectares (10,880 acres), acts as a natural shield for Da Nang. It was originally an island before ocean currents and sediment linked it with the mainland. It is now around 10 kilometers to the northeast of downtown Da Nang and bordered by the sea in three directions. Last year, Da Nang received 3.5 million foreign tourists, up 22.5 percent over 2018, according to the local tourism department. Arrivals from South Korea, mainland China, Japan and Hong Kong showed the highest growth rates.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/cremation-capacity-enquiry-a-covid-19-controversy-in-hcmc-4076558.html|&nbspMarch 29, 2020 09:34 pm GMT+7|Cremation capacity enquiry a Covid-19 controversy in HCMC|An ill-timed request for information on Ho Chi Minh City’s cremation capacity has drawn flak for causing public confusion and undermining the city's Covid-19 fight. The request was made in a document prepared by the municipal Department of Natural Resources and Environment. In a decision issued Saturday evening, the city's People's Committee severely criticized the department for the document saying it had confused the public and negatively impacted the city’s efforts to contain the Covid-19 pandemic. The department was instructed to review and propose disciplinary action against individuals responsible for requesting the "cremation capacity report." The People's Committee stressed that it had no policy or instruction for the environment department to issue such a document. It also asserted that the city was doing well in its fight against Covid-19. The controversial document was signed Thursday by deputy department director Nguyen Thi Thanh My. It asked a number of companies in the city to report on the city's maximum cremation capacity in case of continuous operation, as well as the reception process and maximum isolation measures to ensure cremation activities would not affect humans and the environment. While the request was described to be part of the city's response to the Covid-19 pandemic, it also included a line stating "especially for situations that require cremating critically ill Covid-19 patients who might die." The document was later shared on social networks, causing confusion amidst a complicatedly developing Covid-19 situation. The department retracted the document on Friday. At a Saturday press conference, department director Nguyen Toan Thang admitted that the document sent to cremation units contained content that was inappropriate and unclear. "As the head of the Department of Natural Resources and Environment, I would like to take responsibility for affecting the people, departments and sectors who are fighting the epidemic together," Thang said. Tu Luong, deputy director of HCMC's department of information and communications, said the document doing the rounds on social networks triggered confusion, concerns and greatly impacted the city's work. "The public questioned whether the city was hiding outbreak (information) because they thought we were even having to mobilize forces and have crematoriums operate 24 hours a day. The city would like to assert that there is no hiding of outbreak information. The city will handle this issue strictly and publicize the results soon," Luong said. Nguyen Tan Binh, director of the city's health department, also dismissed rumors of "HCMC having casualties from Covid-19" to be untrue. "The city has no case of death from Covid-19. The health of all patients is stable, no one needs to use a ventilator," Binh said. HCMC has been taking strong measures in its fight against Covid-19. It has closed down all bars, karaoke parlors, restaurants, and other entertainment facilities. It also shut down all historical sites and tourist attractions. Several departments including transport, culture, environment, education and labor have been consulting with the city on additional measures such as limiting public transport, suspending cultural events with large numbers of participants and closing schools. Nine latest Covid-19 patients confirmed Sunday evening, including one reporter and two related to Hanoi's Bach Mai Hospital, have taken Vietnam's total to 188 infections. Of these, 25 have recovered and been discharged from hospitals. The Covid-19 pandemic has killed more than 31,700 people in 199 countries and territories.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/hanoi-locks-down-main-hospital-after-eight-covid-19-infections-4076150.html|&nbspMarch 28, 2020 02:52 pm GMT+7|Hanoi locks down main hospital after eight Covid-19 infections|Hanoi’s Bach Mai hospital, one of Vietnam’s largest, has suspended admitting new patients and is isolated as of Saturday.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/first-reporter-among-vietnam-s-nine-new-covid-19-infections-4076114.html|&nbspMarch 29, 2020 07:04 pm GMT+7|First reporter among Vietnam's nine new Covid-19 infections|Nine new Covid-19 patients, including a reporter and three others linked to Hanoi's Bach Mai Hospital, have taken Vietnam's tally to 188 infections, the Health Ministry reported Sunday evening. The new patients take the number of infections linked to the Bach Mai Hospital, one of the country's biggest, to 19. The hospital in Dong Da District is one of the largest sources of Covid-19 infection in the country. "Patient 183," a 43-year-old female reporter, resides in Cau Giay District, Hanoi. She interviewed a 58-year-old Frenchman on March 12 who went on to become . He had not been found positive for the coronavirus at the time of the interview. "Patient 183" is the country's first infected reporter. "Patient 184," "Patient 185" and "Patient 188" are related to the Bach Mai Hospital and the Truong Sinh Company, which provides food and logistic services to the hospital. "Patient 184" is a 42-year-old female worker of Truong Sinh. She lives with two colleagues who were confirmed infected earlier. She started coughing on March 28 and was put in quarantine at the National Hospital of Tropical Diseases in Hanoi. She is under treatment there in stable condition. "Patient 185", 38, resides in Hanoi’s Hoai Duc Disitrict. He underwent treatment for eight days at the hospital before going home on March 19. On March 24, he developed a cough and had his samples tested. He was confirmed positive March 29. "Patient 188", a 44-year-old employee of the Truong Sinh Company, came into close contact with another staff of the firm who later became "patient 169". The patient had a cough and sore throat on March 22. Previously, she had left Hanoi for a family gathering on March 14 and later returned to work at the Bach Mai Hospital. The three patients are under treatment at the National Hospital of Tropical Diseases. "Patient 180", 27, lives in My Duc Disitrict, Hanoi. A student in France, she landed March 20 in Hanoi's Noi Bai airport on Thai Airways flight TG564, transiting in Bangkok. She was sent to a quarantine zone in the northern province of Ninh Binh upon arrival. "Patient 181," 33, lives in Hanoi. He was on the same flight as "Patient 180" and quarantined in Ninh Binh, too. "Patient 182", 19, is another Hanoi resident who studies in Switzerland. She landed in Hanoi March 20 on Vietnam Airlines flight VN618 after transiting in Thailand. She was also sent to a Ninh Binh quarantine zone upon arrival. Patients 180, 181 and 182 are in stable health as they undergo treatment at the Ninh Binh General Hospital. "Patient 186", a 52-year-old French, is the wife of . She’d landed March 10 at the Tan Son Nhat airport in Ho Chi Minh City on Turkish Airlines flight TK162. From March 10-16, the couple traveled through HCMC, Can Tho City, Hoi An and Hue. On March 16, she came to Ninh Binh Province and had her samples taken. "Patient 187", a 30-year-old U.S. national, stayed in Hanoi’s Tay Ho District after landing March 13 at the Noi Bai airport on Vietnam Airlines flight VN54 . From March 13-19, he quarantined himself at home but came into contact with four Vietnamese and five foreigners living in the same building. On March 22, he had his swab samples taken and he was confirmed positive for the novel coronavirus on March 25. Of Vietnam's current total of 188 confirmed Covid-19 cases, 25 have been discharged after treatment. Many of the currently active cases are Vietnamese nationals returning from Europe and the U.S. and foreigners coming from the same regions. The government on Sunday decided to suspend all international passenger flights to Vietnam and limit flights from Hanoi and Ho Chi Minh City to other provinces and vice versa in the coming two weeks. Prime Minister announced the decision at an online meeting on Covid-19 fight with leaders of five cities Hanoi, HCMC, Hai Phong, Da Nang and Can Tho. Starting March 22, Vietnam has suspended entry for all foreign nationals, including those of Vietnamese origin and family members with visa waivers and halted all international flights from March 25. The Covid-19 pandemic has killed more than 31,700 people in 199 countries and territories.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/vietnam-doctors-drink-less-water-wear-diapers-in-covid-19-fight-4088933.html|&nbspApril 23, 2020 12:30 pm GMT+7|Vietnam doctors drink less water, wear diapers in Covid-19 fight|Doctors at the frontline of Vietnam’s Covid-19 fight are wearing paper diapers and reducing water intake to minimize cumbersome change of protective clothing. Doctor Nguyen Thanh Binh works as a secretary for the Covid-19 patient treatment team of 150 doctors and nurses at the National Hospital of Tropical Diseases in Hanoi. The 42-year-old Deputy Head of General Planning Department said the medical staff wear protective clothing from top to bottom - surgical blouses, caps, medical gloves and an item hitherto unused - disposable diapers. Each doctor’s shift typically lasts between four and five hours, but when the Covid-19 epidemic escalated and more and more patients were admitted to the hospital, they began to work 12 hour shifts. The protective clothing they wear gets drenched in sweat after an hour spent on treating patients. Binh said putting on the clothing correctly was difficult enough, but taking it off was even more so because any accidental touch on the outer surface would expose other staff to the pathogens. Each set of clothing set is only worn once, so every trip to the toilet means they would have to change to a new one. "Changing to new set of clothes is time-consuming and expensive. We have to reduce our drinking water intake and wear one set of protective clothing for the entire shift," Binh said. But this would only work for normal shifts. When the number of patients increase and the shifts got longer, the staff thought of using paper diapers to save time. The initiative was coined by a combination of personal experience and those learnt from foreign medical staff, he said. "When we wear paper diapers, we can work and recharge our energy (food and drinks) at ease," Binh said. For doctors in charge of critical cases, being frugal with their time and having white nights are daily requirements. Binh said "Patient 20," a 64-year-old Hanoi woman whose heart stopped a few times in one night, had the entire team stay up all night to care for her. The patient’s health has shown some improvement recently. She is able to digest food and no longer has a fever. She was confirmed positive on March 7, one day after her 26-year-old niece, Nguyen Hong Nhung, Hanoi's first Covid-19 patient who has been discharged. Treating the patients exposes the medical staff including doctors to the risk of contracting the virus, despite all precautions including protective clothing. Two of Binh's colleagues have got infected while treating critical cases. " " was the first doctor to be infected by the novel coronavirus in Vietnam. He works for the emergency ward of the National Hospital of Tropical Diseases in Dong Anh District, Hanoi. The 29-year-old doctor had been involved in the Covid-19 fight since January 31, screening suspected cases and treating those confirmed infected. The second doctor was " ," also 29 and working at the same hospital. She is said to have contracted the virus when setting up a ventilator for "Patient 28," who is one of the three Covid-19 patients in the country then reported to be in a critical condition. She also came into contact the same day with an infected patient at the hospital. While her colleague was discharged from the hospital on April 7, she is still under treatment. The team treating Covid-19 patients at the National Hospital of Tropical Diseases are on call at all times for emergencies, and have to give up their rare breaks without notice. "If they put on protective clothing then (when they are called), it would be too late, so that’s why doctors wear them during their entire shift, even night shifts," Binh said. The National Hospital of Tropical Diseases is Vietnam’s frontline facility. It has treated over 100 Covid-19 patients, more than anywhere else in the country. The pressure of being on the frontline of the nation’s Covid-19 fight is enormous on the medical staff. Many have not left the hospital since March 6, the day the second wave of Covid-19 infections hit the country. "We have to work directly with patients, so we can’t say we are not concerned," Binh said. "But once we are in the infectious diseases field, we have to make up our mind to do our best and follow all measures to prevent infections as much as possible." Vietnam has gone through a week without any new infection. Of the total of 268 cases recorded so far, only 45 are active, the rest having been discharged from various hospitals. Starting Wednesday midnight, Hanoi and HCMC, placed a "lower risk" classification now, have been allowed to that began April 1 under the Prime Minister's Directive 16. With a couple of districts still having active Covid-19 patients, Hanoi will have more restrictions in place than Ho Chi Minh City, officials have said.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/business/industries/textile-sector-braces-for-473-mln-covid-19-setback-4075274.html|&nbspMarch 28, 2020 08:00 am GMT+7|Textile sector braces for $473 mln Covid-19 setback|The coronavirus pandemic could cost Vietnam’s textile industry VND11 trillion ($473 million) in revenue, with millions losing their jobs. Le Tien Truong, CEO of Hanoi-based Vietnam National Textile and Garment Group (Vinatex), said that the figure was calculated based on the assumption that the pandemic is contained in May and the global economy starts recovering in June. The estimate factored in contract cancellations since the middle of this month, he said at a meeting with 22 other textile companies. "The bigger the company, the higher the canceled contract ratio." 40,000 shirts produced by Hanoi-based Garment 10 Jsc (Garco 10) have not been taken by a South Korean buyer, who also canceled an order for another 39,000 units next month. Than Duc Viet, CEO of Garco 10, said that another buyer in the U.S. has suspended ongoing production of hundreds of thousands of products. "We do not want to hear news of suspending imports from buyers anymore. The damage will be severe if this happens on a large scale." Da Nang-based Hoa Tho Textile and Garment Jsc reported 500,000 items being canceled or delayed. Inventory is another issue. The industry imports about $1.5 billion worth of materials each month, but if 20 percent of contracts are canceled, about $300 million worth of materials will become unused inventory and lose value over time, Truong said. Vietnam textile industry, the country's third largest in terms of export value, struggled to source materials from China last month due to the outbreak. Now that the supply chain has mostly revived, producers are struggling to sell to major markets such as the , which account for over 60 percent of total textile exports. Truong said that the canceled contracts will lead to revenue losses for producers and result in job cuts for 30-50 percent of 2.8 million textile workers over the next two months. The Vietnam Textile and Apparel Association (Vitas) recently asked the Ministry of Labor, Invalids and Social Affairs to provide 50 percent basic salary support for textile workers who are unemployed because of the pandemic. The support could prevent a large number of job cuts in the industry, it said. Vinatex has proposed that the government allows local producers to export protective products like masks to other countries to increase revenue. There are about 6,800 textile businesses in Vietnam. Last year, they exported goods worth $32.85 billion, up 7.8 percent year-on-year, with the U.S., the E.U. and Japan the largest buyers, according to Vietnam Customs.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/hcmc-keeps-some-businesses-on-hold-despite-easing-covid-19-restrictions-4089443.html|&nbspApril 24, 2020 09:49 am GMT+7|HCMC keeps some businesses on hold despite easing Covid-19 restrictions|Karaoke parlors, bars, cinemas, and Internet cafés are among businesses that remain closed in HCMC despite a relaxation of certain Covid-19-related restrictions. Beauty centers, plastic surgery clinics, spas, physiotherapy, massage, and sauna establishments, theaters, wedding and convention centers, pubs, beer clubs, sports centers, and sports equipment shops are also not allowed to open yet. Religious places cannot host activities with more than 20 people. Homestay and Airbnb accommodation providers cannot accept new guests. The city also prohibits all activities and gatherings of over 20 people outside of workplaces, hospitals and schools. "Other businesses are allowed to operate but must strictly comply with the pandemic prevention measures," Vice Chairman of the city, Le Thanh Liem, said. The city also requires people to unfailingly wear masks in public and at the workplace. A minimum distance of two meters is required between people in public places. People are still advised not to go out unless required. Traditional taxis, ride-hailing services and inter-provincial buses resume operations on Friday after a 22-day hiatus. Local subsidized buses will begin plying on May 3. As for non-subsidized buses, the city's Department of Transport will coordinate with provinces to announce their schedule. On inter-provincial routes, there will only be 30-50 percent of normal services between the city to other localities. Transport companies must comply with safety measures stipulated by the Ministry of Health. Passengers are required to have a medical declaration and wear masks. On Wednesday Prime Minister Nguyen Xuan Phuc downgraded HCMC’s status from ‘high risk’ to ‘at risk’, which meant the city can ease social isolation, but has to continue to comply with certain restrictions for prevention of infection. Authorities around the country are still required to stop social events and gatherings of over 20 people in a place and 10 people outside workplaces, schools and hospitals. A minimum distance of two meters should be maintained between people in public places. During the nationwide social distancing period that started on April 1, gatherings of more than two people in public places are not allowed, and people are required to stay at home except for emergencies, buying food and medicines, and working in factories, production facilities and businesses that involve "essential" goods and services. These regulations are still in force in certain districts of Hanoi, Ha Giang and Bac Ninh Provinces which are deemed to carry high risks of infection. HCMC has only one Covid-19 patient still undergoing treatment and has gone 21 days without a new case. Vietnam has kept its Covid-19 infection tally unchanged at 268 for eight days now, including 44 active cases.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/pm-extends-shutdown-of-bars-karaoke-parlors-in-covid-19-fight-4090087.html|&nbspApril 25, 2020 02:36 pm GMT+7|PM extends shutdown of bars, karaoke parlors in Covid-19 fight|Prime Minister Nguyen Xuan Phuc has allowed localities to restore production and business, but several "non-essential" services remain suspended. Vietnam has reported 270 cases of the coronavirus, far fewer than most countries in Southeast Asia and the rest of the world. Of the patients, 225 have been discharged from hospitals. The Covid-19 pandemic has reached 210 countries and territories with more than 197,300 reported deaths.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/business/industries/covid-19-spikes-computer-sales-at-electronic-stores-4075581.html|&nbspMarch 30, 2020 09:28 am GMT+7|Covid-19 spikes computer sales at electronic stores|Many stores have seen demand increase sharply for computers, with some doubling sales since the Covid-19 epidemic struck Vietnam. An electronic shop on Hanoi’s Thai Ha Street was still bustling with customers looking to buy computers and related-accessories at around 6 p.m. a recent evening. A salesperson said that in just one day, the store sold more than 60 computers, including desktops and laptops, several times higher than normal days, though March is not usually a peak season for this product segment. Store owner Tien Duc said: "In the past two weeks, every week the sales increased by about 20 percent. Customers are buying the device mainly for entertainment, working remotely and studying at home." Duc said demand was highest among students. "Some computers cost less than VND10 million ($428). Other bestselling items are webcams, speakers and microphone, accounting for over 50 percent of sales," he said. Demand for computers in Vietnam began to increase in February, around the time when students all over the country readied for an extended stay at home owing to Covid-19 safety precautions. Retailer Mobile World recorded an 80 percent year-on-year increase in laptop sales in the first two months. Meanwhile, the FPT Shop chain saw laptop sales in February increase by 79 percent compared to January. The company also noticed an 153 percent increase in March sales over January, even though the month was yet to end. Both retailers believe the growth spike comes from those who need to work and study remotely. Thu Huyen, an accountant in Hanoi, said she had to wait nearly two hours to choose a laptop and install the software. Meanwhile, some gamers are buying computer items not only for their entertainment purposes but also because they are afraid "that the prices of these items will increase because of the pandemic." In some stores, the surge in demand for computer accessories has seen mouses, keyboards, gaming headsets, webcams and others sold out, exceeding distributors' estimates. Despite the good news of increasing demand and sales, stores selling computers are also facing difficulties. Since most computer-related items are manufactured in foreign countries and imported, retailers cannot bring in new goods because of import complications at this time. Some customers with broken laptops have been waiting for a month to get them back, but the lack of new parts and components has indefinitely delayed things. Another problem is that because electronic store employees have to go to the customers' houses to install new devices, many stores are short of delivery staff.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/hospital-related-covid-19-cases-take-vietnam-total-to-179-4076366.html|&nbspMarch 29, 2020 07:52 am GMT+7|Hospital related Covid-19 cases take Vietnam total to 179|Five new infections, four of them related to Hanoi’s Bach Mai Hospital, have taken the national Covid-19 tally to 179. Sixteen infections linked to the hospital, which was isolated starting Saturday, have been detected to date. This is one of the largest sources of Covid-19 infection in the country, the Health Ministry confirmed Sunday morning. Four of the new patients, numbering 175 to 178, are employees of the Truong Sinh Company, which provides food and other logistic services to the hospital. Patients 175 to 178, a 57 year-old man and three women aged 38, 49 and 44 respectively, have come into contact with many people at the Bach Mai Hospital on Giai Phong Street, Dong Da District. So far seven Covid-19 patients have been linked to both the Truong Sinh Company and the Bach Mai Hospital. Tran Dac Phu, senior advisor at the Vietnam Public Health Emergency Operations Center, said experts had initially believed health workers were the only source of infection at the hospital, but test results showed otherwise. There are signs of a second line of infection from patients and their relatives who take care of them at the hospital, Phu said at a Saturday meeting of the National Steering Committee for Covid-19 Prevention and Control. "Our further epidemiological investigations find that a more dangerous source of infection could be the staff of food and logistics service providers and people who earn a living taking care of patients. The latter might move from one hospital to another," he added. Earlier Saturday, the Bach Mai Hospital suspended admitting new patients and has been isolated. Nearly 5,000 staff and patients at the hospital have been ordered to take Covid-19 tests. "Patient 179" is a 62-year-old resident of Hanoi’s Ha Dong District who returned to Vietnam March 18 on Emirates flight EK394. The person, whose gender has not been revealed, was quarantined in the central province of Thanh Hoa on arrival. Tests by the National Institute of Hygiene and Epidemiology in Hanoi have showed the passenger has contracted the virus, but is in stable health. Of Vietnam's 179 confirmed Covid-19 cases, 21 have been discharged after treatment, including three in Da Nang Friday and a British man in Hue on Saturday. Many of the currently active cases are Vietnamese nationals returning from Europe and the U.S. and foreigners coming from the same regions. Starting March 22, Vietnam has suspended entry for all foreign nationals, including those of Vietnamese origin and family members with visa waivers and halted all international flights from March 25. Only Vietnamese nationals and foreigners having diplomatic and official passports such as business managers, experts and high-skilled workers will be allowed to enter the country at this time, and all entrants will be quarantined for 14 days. The Covid-19 pandemic has killed more than 30,000 people in 199 countries and territories.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/life/culture/hanoi-building-festooned-in-vietnamese-colors-to-support-covid-19-fight-4088005.html|&nbspApril 22, 2020 09:27 pm GMT+7|Hanoi building festooned in Vietnamese colors to support Covid-19 fight|A photo capturing a Hanoi apartment block festooned in red flags to support Vietnam’s Covid-19 fight and those on the frontline, has gone viral. The image, shot by Indian lecturer Prabu Mohan last Sunday, was posted on the Facebook community Hanoi Massive, frequented by 136,000 expat and local netizens living in the capital. Over a hundred Vietnamese flags were hung from the balconies of an apartment building on Tam Trinh Street in Hoang Mai District, garnering thousands of Facebook likes and shares. "One of the ways to show your support in difficult times," Mohan wrote in the caption. The photographer said he took the photo when he went out for groceries last week. "It was quite beautiful to see, though I did not understand the meaning," Mohan said, who has been in Vietnam for nine years. "One of my Vietnamese friends told me Hanoians hung up flags to support the Covid-19 fight as well as frontline personnel," he added. Thousands of Vietnamese doctors and medics have been working day and night to combat the Covid-19 pandemic. Nguyen Van Hoan, a resident living in the apartment building, said they have hung Vietnamese national flags for days as a way to show support and solidarity with the country in the Covid-19 battle. Vietnam has gone six days straight without recording any new Covid-19 infection, keeping its tally at 268 since Thursday morning. Of these, 223, including the latest discharge, have made full recoveries.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/made-in-vietnam-covid-19-test-kit-approved-for-sale-in-europe-4088436.html|&nbspApril 22, 2020 04:50 pm GMT+7|Made-in-Vietnam Covid-19 test kit approved for sale in Europe|Vietnamese Covid-19 test kits have received CE certification and a Certificate of Free Sale from the U.K., which allows them to be sold in Europe. The kits, developed by the Vietnam Military Medical University and the Viet A Technologies with research funding from the Ministry of Science and Technology, have been ordered by a partner of the latter for distribution in certain countries and territories, including India, Mexico, the U.K. and the U.S., according to Phan Quoc Viet, director of Viet A. But they cannot be bought by individuals since they require specific tools and skills, he said. Last month around 20 countries and territories were negotiating the purchase of the kits. Viet A would export kits to Iran, Finland, Malaysia and Ukraine first, Viet said at the time. No further updates on the negotiations have been revealed. Viet A said it is currently capable of producing around 10,000 kits a day, but could increase it to 30,000 if required. A kit is good for 50 tests. The kits, which use reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR), can detect the new coronavirus in droplets obtained from the respiratory tract and blood. They provide results faster and are easier to use than those used by the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and the World Health Organization, according to the science ministry. Vietnam has had 268 confirmed Covid-19 cases, 52 of them active, but no new infections in the last six days. The pandemic, now in 210 countries and territories, has claimed more than 177,600 lives.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/life/trend/covid-19-outbreak-puts-hanoi-dialysis-patients-in-distress-4077615.html|&nbspApril 1, 2020 03:51 pm GMT+7|Covid-19 outbreak puts Hanoi dialysis patients in distress|Despite the government’s social distancing campaign and Bach Mai Hospital in Hanoi being a Covid-19 outbreak area, people need to go there for dialysis.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/travel/places/hcmc-closes-all-tourist-attractions-in-covid-19-fight-4076119.html|&nbspMarch 28, 2020 10:48 pm GMT+7|HCMC closes all tourist attractions in Covid-19 fight|Ho Chi Minh City has shut down all historical sites and tourist attractions from Saturday until April 15 as it fights the Covid-19 pandemic. The city had already closed all bars, karaoke parlors, restaurants, and other entertainment facilities as it joined the country in trying to limit the spread of the Covid-19 pandemic that has claimed over 27,000 lives globally. The latest move followed a directive issued by Prime Minister Nguyen Xuan Phuc, ordering all "non-essential" businesses around the country to be closed until April 15 as the country enters what he said was a critical two-week stage in its Covid-19 fight. Most tourist destinations have worn a deserted look after the Lunar New Year holiday (January 24-29) as a result of the pandemic, then deemed a national epidemic, with some sites reporting a 70 percent fall in the number of visitors, according to the city’s Tourism Department. The number of foreign arrivals in Ho Chi Minh City last month fell 52 percent to 346,560, while tourism revenues dropped 30 percent year-on-year to VND8.1 trillion ($348 million), the department said. Nguyen Khoa Luan, director of the Anh Viet Company that launched open top, double-decker bus services last January, said the tours stood canceled until further notice. HCMC received more than 8.6 million foreign visitors last year, up 13 percent from a year ago. It has targeted welcoming 10 million visitors this year, 10 percent more than last year. The city raked in VND150 trillion ($6.4 billion) in tourism revenues last year. Vietnam welcomed nearly 3.7 million international tourists in the first three months of 2020, down 18.1 percent year-on-year, according to the General Statistics Office (GSO). Most popular tourist spots in Vietnam, including Hanoi and Ha Long Bay in northern Vietnam and the ancient town of Hoi An in the central region, have closed their doors to visitors. Other famous islands, including Con Dao, Cu Lao Cham and Ly Son have temporarily halted tourist operations. The novel coronavirus has slashed an estimated $7 billion in Vietnam's tourism revenues for January-February 2020, with the number of hotel guests in this period decreasing year-on-year by 60-70 percent, according to official data. Vietnam has 174 confirmed Covid-19 cases so far, with most of the active ones being people coming from Europe and the U.S. and others who came into close contact with them. Of these 21 have been discharged from hospitals.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/covid-19-fraud-hanoi-cdc-officials-inflated-test-kit-prices-by-200-000-4089233.html|&nbspApril 23, 2020 09:33 pm GMT+7|Covid-19 fraud: Hanoi CDC officials inflated test kit prices by $200,000|Top officials at Hanoi’s Center for Disease Control fraudulently inflated the purchase price for a new coronavirus test system to three times the actual, investigators allege. Investigators from the Ministry of Public Security say Nguyen Nhat Cam, director of the Hanoi CDC, and his accomplices had raised the purchase price for a Covid-19 test kit package utilizing the real-time polymerase chain reaction (real-time PCR) system by three times, or VND4.7 billion ($201,166). "The system was imported into Vietnam for VND2.3 billion but through several intermediaries, it was reported to cost VND7 billion by the Hanoi CDC," said Colonel Nguyen Van Long, head of the Investigation Police Department on Economic, Corruption Crimes and Smuggling, which functions under the Public Security Ministry. The Hanoi CDC previously suggested buying one more real-time PCR system after the number of Covid-19 suspects requiring to be tested increased sharply in the capital city. The PCR system is widely considered as the method that can give the most accurate test results for the novel coronavirus. In most cases, initial rapid tests will be double checked using this system. For now, most real-time PRC machines are produced in Germany and several other European countries, and cost between VND2.5 billion and VND10 billion each, depending on their capacity and configuration. Cam, the Hanoi CDC director, and six other suspects in the case were arrested Wednesday. Police said the CDC officials had "conspired to cheat and raise the price of a bidding package for the real-time PCR system." Cam is under investigation along with Nguyen Vu Ha Thanh, head of the agency’s financial accounting department; Le Xuan Tuan, an employee of the department; Dao The Vinh, director of the Vietnam Scientific and Material Science Company Limited; Nguyen Tran Duy, director of the Nhan Thanh Property Valuation and Auction company; Nguyen Ngoc Nhat, an employee of the Vitech Development Company Limited; and Nguyen Thanh Tuyen, an employee of the Eastern Medical Equipment Company. They will be probed on charges of violating bidding regulations causing serious consequences, an offence that can fetch jail terms of up to 20 years. The Hanoi CDC has been in charge of Covid-19 testing for the entire capital city, with 2,500-3,000 samples taken each day.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/vietnam-to-declare-covid-19-a-national-epidemic-4077165.html|&nbspMarch 30, 2020 09:10 pm GMT+7|Vietnam to declare Covid-19 a national epidemic|The Prime Minister has agreed a Health Ministry proposal on declaring the Covid-19 outbreak 'a national epidemic', asking people nationwide to stay home, heavily restricting their outside movements. PM Nguyen Xuan Phuc also said at a Monday afternoon meeting that the government is yet to consider lockdowns for Hanoi and Ho Chi Minh City "like what many countries have done in their big cities." He said now was "a decisive time in Vietnam’s fight against Covid-19," so all government and local authorities must stay focused on the goal to stamp out the virus and disease. Phuc called on everyone to "stay at home and work online", except for special cases or visits to hospitals, stores, supermarkets, and manufacturing facilities. He also requested concerned agencies to "basically suspend" public transportation. "We cannot be neglectful. We have rolled out many strong measures but on the streets, on the beaches, there are still many people and in some places the policy of not gathering more than 20 people is not strictly implemented," he said, adding that social distancing was a must at this time. "People should stay in their own province, their own district and their home for at least 15 days," he said. Phuc stressed that all resources should be mobilized to wipe out the virus at hotspots like the Buddha Bar & Grill in HCMC, Hanoi's Bach Mai Hospital and the Truong Sinh Company, which provides food and logistic services to the hospital. The PM said at the meeting that he agreed that the Bach Mai Hospital can continue receiving patients in need of emergency treatment while ensuring safety for medical workers and patients. In a statement released by the Party Central Commitee Office Monday afternoon, Party Secretary and State President Nguyen Phu Trong said that "the country has entered a time when the risk of community infection is increasingly bigger." He called for unity and readiness to deal with worst scenarios. Vietnam has so far confirmed 203 infections, 55 of whom have recovered and been discharged. Many of the currently active cases are Vietnamese nationals returning from Europe and the U.S., foreigners coming from the same regions and those who’d come into contact with both groups of people. There have been at least 13 cases linked to the Buddha Bar & Grill in District 2's Thao Dien Ward and . The hospital, one of Vietnam's largest, has been locked down since Saturday morning. The government had decided Sunday to suspend all international passenger flights to Vietnam and limit flights between Hanoi, Ho Chi Minh City and other localities in the coming two weeks. Starting March 22, Vietnam also suspended entry for all foreign nationals, including those of Vietnamese origin and family members with visa waivers and halted all international flights from March 25. The Covid-19 pandemic has so far killed more than 34,000 people in 199 countries and territories
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/three-covid-19-patients-in-da-nang-make-full-recovery-4075115.html|&nbspMarch 26, 2020 10:05 pm GMT+7|Three Covid-19 patients in Da Nang make full recovery|Two British nationals and a Vietnamese woman at the Da Nang Hospital are free of the Covid-19 infection, hospital director Le Duc Nhan said Thursday. "The three patients have recovered and are qualified to be discharged in accordance with the Ministry of Health's protocol," Nhan said, adding that all three have tested negative for the coronavirus three times in a row. The two British citizens were on Vietnam Airlines VN54 flight flew from London and landed March 2 in Hanoi. At least 16 people on that flight have been confirmed to be infected with the Covid-19 virus, including a flight attendant. The Brits were confirmed Covid-19 positive on March 8. The other patient, a Vietnamese woman who works as a saleswoman in an electronics shop in Da Nang's Hai Chau District, has also recovered. She'd come into direct contact March 4 with the British men who came to the shop as customers, before being confirmed to be infected herself on March 10. The patients were treated in accordance with procedures and regimen laid out by the Health Ministry. The hospital was disinfected to prevent cross-infection among medical workers, Nhan said. Da Nang City has confirmed six Covid-19 cases so far. The three active cases left are an American man confirmed infected on March 18, a 24-year-old Vietnamese woman confirmed infected on March 23, and a 27-year-old Vietnamese woman confirmed infected on March 25. None of the three have any severe symptoms, Nhan said. Vietnam has recorded 153 Covid-19 cases in total, of whom 17 have been discharged from hospitals. Among the active cases, 37, including the latest three recoveries, have tested negative between one and four times. Many of the currently active cases are Vietnamese nationals returning from Europe and the U.S. and foreigners visiting from the same regions. The Covid-19 pandemic has killed more than 22,100 people globally after spreading to 198 countries and territories.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/37-patients-in-vietnam-test-covid-19-negative-4075265.html|&nbspMarch 26, 2020 08:00 pm GMT+7|37 patients in Vietnam test Covid-19 negative|Among 136 Covid-19 patients being treated in Vietnam, 37 have tested negative between once and four times, the health ministry confirmed Thursday. Four patients received negative results four times in a row, four tested negative thrice, two tested negative twice while 27 others did so once. Among the patients who tested negative four times are three patients in Da Nang who have declared to recover and are set to be discharged on Friday morning. Two of the patients who tested negative three times in a row are a 70-year-old British woman infected with the virus while touring Lao Cai, home to the northern highlands resort town of Sa Pa, and 26-year-old Nguyen Hong Nhung, a Hanoi woman who was confirmed infected four days after she returned from London. Both are being treated at the National Hospital of Tropical Diseases in Hanoi. It remains unclear whether they are eligible to be discharged or not. Under Health Ministry regulations, a person infected with the novel coronavirus is deemed healthy once she/he shows no sign of fever for three days and tests negative twice in three days. Other signs include improved clinical symptoms, overall stable status and vital signs, normal organ function and improved chest X-ray readings. The two patients who showed negative results for the second time are a 67-year-old Irish tourist and a female flight attendant on Vietnam Airlines flight VN54 from London that landed in Hanoi on March 2, the same as Nhung's. Both are being treated at the National Hospital of Tropical Diseases in the capital. Among 27 active cases that tested negative for the first time was a 61-year-old man in Hanoi who boarded Vietnam Airlines flight VN54 from London to Hanoi on March 2 along with Nhung, and a 55 year-old man living in Saigon’s District 8, returning from a crowded Islamic religious event in Malaysia. So far, the nation has confirmed 148 infections, including 131 active cases. The earlier 17 cases were discharged after treatment. Many active cases are Vietnamese nationals returning from Europe and the U.S. and foreigners visiting from the same regions. Starting March 22, Vietnam has suspended entry for all foreign nationals, including those of Vietnamese origin and family members with visa waivers. Vietnam has reported over 81,000 people entering Vietnam from March 7 to 24. Among them were 36,911 foreigners. They have been asked to enter quarantine for 14 days and submit health declarations. The Covid-19 pandemic has killed more than 21,000 people globally as it spread to 198 countries and territories.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/business/industries/hcmc-apartment-rent-revenues-plummet-amidst-covid-19-pandemic-4075095.html|&nbspMarch 28, 2020 09:00 am GMT+7|HCMC apartment rent revenues plummet amidst Covid-19 pandemic|Landlords are reporting plunging revenues as occupancy drops and struggling tenants seek discounts over coronavirus impacts. For almost two months, Ha has been losing VND40 million ($1,700) a day from the 30 serviced apartments she rents out in HCMC. This month, she has no tenant despite lowering prices to half or a third of the price tag before the novel coronavirus epidemic hit. Last year, her apartments were almost always fully occupied by a variety of Vietnamese and foreign tenants, but the situation began to change towards the end of January when Vietnam started recording its first coronavirus infections. "I am helpless. All I can do is to be patient and wait for the pandemic to pass," she said. Quan, landlord of a 10-aparment complex in Thu Duc District, has seen his revenues go down 80 percent as his tenants, mostly blue-collar workers, left the city for their hometowns after their jobs got cut. The remaining tenants are asking him for discounts, even though he himself is struggling to repay the long-term loans (until 2025) he has taken to invest in the complex. The Covid-19 pandemic has hurt Vietnam’s apartment industry sector as tenants’ income drop or they lose their jobs. About 10 percent of businesses have had to scale down their production in February due to coronavirus impacts, and the figure rose to 15 percent by the second week of March, according to a recent report by the Ministry of Labor, Invalids and Social Affairs. In the worst case scenario, it is estimated that between 880,000 and 1.3 million people will lose their jobs or have their working hours reduced, it added. Nguyen Loc Hanh, CEO of HCMC-based real estate firm Ngoc Chau A, estimated that rent revenues are falling by an average of 50 percent in the market, and the figure could go up to 70-80 percent if the pandemic persists. Landlords who have borrowed money to invest in apartments will be hurt the most as cash flow drops, and the best solutions for them is to accept discount proposals by tenants to avoid zero revenue, he said. "It’s better to lose some than to lose all," he said, adding that market demand will return to normal when the disease is contained. Meanwhile, both landlords and tenants are struggling. Lan, who has three apartments for rent in HCMC’s District 9, has not found new tenants for two since December. The remaining apartment is rented by a family of five in which the husband, who works in the construction sector, has been unemployed for months. "I’ve given them a 20 percent discount, but even with that they ask to pay the rent in three installments each month because their income is limited."
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/vietnam-says-reports-it-hacked-china-for-covid-19-information-baseless-4089283.html|&nbspApril 23, 2020 08:00 pm GMT+7|Vietnam says reports it hacked China for Covid-19 information ‘baseless’|Vietnam says reports that it has supported hacker group APT32 to steal information on Covid-19 from China is ‘baseless.’ It has stressed that it is against all forms of cyberattacks and threats to online security. "This is baseless information. Vietnam strictly forbids cyberattack behavior targeting organizations and individuals in any form," Foreign Affairs Ministry deputy spokesman Ngo Toan Thang said Thursday at an online press meet. He was responding to inquiries regarding U.S.-based cybersecurity firm FireEye alleging the Vietnamese government has been supporting hacker group APT32 to perform cyberattacks on governmental entities and businesses around the world, including China. Cyberattacks and threats to online security must be condemned and strictly punished in accordance with the law, Thang said. FireEye has alleged that hacker group APT32 has tried to compromise the personal and professional email accounts of staff at China’s Ministry of Emergency Management and the government of Wuhan, the Chinese city at the center of the global coronavirus pandemic, reported Wednesday. APT32, a hacker group originating in Vietnam and also known as OceanLotus or Cobalt Kitty, has also been accused of compromising "governments, businesses and health agencies in search of information about the new disease and attempts to combat it." Vietnam's National Assembly has passed the country's cybersecurity law in 2018, Thang noted, adding that the country was completing legal documents to execute the law and prevent cyberattacks. "Vietnam is willing to cooperate with the international community to fight and prevent cyberattacks in any form," he said.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/seven-covid-19-patients-in-hcmc-to-be-discharged-4076056.html|&nbspMarch 28, 2020 11:05 am GMT+7|Seven Covid-19 patients in HCMC to be discharged|The Health Ministry Friday night declared seven patients in HCMC free of the Covid-19 virus after testing negative three times in a row. All seven patients were treated at the Cu Chi field hospital, around 70 kilometers (43 miles) northwest of downtown HCMC. They will be discharged from the hospital on Sunday and Monday. After discharge, they will continue to be quarantined at medical facilities near their homes and their health monitored. Among the patients to be discharged are a 25-year-old man in Tan Binh District, who was confirmed infected with the virus March 13 after working and having dinner with an infected businesswoman in the south central province of Binh Thuan, and a 53-year-old Czech citizen who had come into contact with some Italian nationals in his home country before flying to Saigon and being confirmed positive on March 14. The others are a 36-year-old woman in District 2 who flew back from Switzerland, a 28-year-old woman from Go Vap District who’d come into contact with her colleague in Tan Binh District, and a female overseas student in District 7 who returned from the U.S. The trio were confirmed positive for novel coronavirus on March 17. The two remaining patients are a 48-year-old woman who resides in the Mekong Delta province of Bac Lieu who returned from London on March 15 and was confirmed infected on March 19; and a 21 year-old Vietnamese woman living in Binh Thanh District returning from Spain, who was confirmed positive on March 20. Under Health Ministry regulations, a person infected with the novel coronavirus is deemed healthy once she/he shows no sign of fever for three days and tests negative twice in three days. Other signs include improved clinical symptoms, overall stable status and vital signs, normal organ function and improved chest X-ray readings. At the moment, 21 other Covid-19 patients in Vietnam have tested negative twice and are waiting for another test to confirm them free of the virus before being discharged. Meanwhile, 23 other patients have tested negative for the first time. As of Saturday morning, the nation had confirmed 169 and discharged 20, including three in Da Nang City on Friday. Many of remaining active cases are Vietnamese nationals retuning from Europe and the U.S. and foreigners visiting from the same regions. Starting March 22, Vietnam has suspended entry for all foreign nationals, including those of Vietnamese origin and family members with visa waivers. The Covid-19 pandemic has so far killed more than 27,200 people in 199 countries and territories.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/vietnam-covid-19-count-169-as-six-more-test-positive-4074937.html|&nbspMarch 28, 2020 07:26 am GMT+7|Vietnam Covid-19 count 169 as six more test positive|Six people – two related to Hanoi’s Bach Mai Hospital and four returning from abroad – were confirmed infected with the novel coronavirus Saturday morning. "Patient 164" is a 23-year-old man from Kien Giang Province in southern Vietnam. A student in the U.K., he landed March 23 at the Van Don Airport in Quang Ninh Province on Vietnam Airlines’s flight VN54, seat 22K. He was quarantined at a centralized facility in Ninh Binh Province that neighbors Hanoi and is undergoing treatment at the Ninh Binh General Hospital. "Patient 165" is a 58-year-old man in Tien Duong Commune, Dong Anh District, Hanoi. He flew from the U.K. to Vietnam on the same flight as "Patient 164," seat 41C. He is also being treated at the same facility after testing Covid-19 positive on March 26. "Patient 166" is a woman, 25, from Dong Phu Ward, Luc Nam District in the northern province of Bac Giang. She lives in Thailand and returned to Vietnam March 23 on Thai Airways flight TG564, seat 40B. She is also undergoing treatment at the Ninh Binh General Hospital. "Patient 167" is a 20-year-old Danish woman who was traveling in Vietnam and staying at a hotel in Hanoi Hoan Kiem District with her boyfriend, whose nationality is yet to be revealed. They landed in Hanoi March 8 on Qatar Airways flight QR0976, seats 37K and 37J. The couple stayed at a hotel on Hang Chieu Street in Hoan Kiem from March 9-12. On March 12, they took a Ngoc Son sleeper bus to Ha Giang Province in the northern highlands bordering China and stayed there until March 15 at the Jasmine-Phuong Thien hotel. On returning to Hanoi, they stayed at the Kingly Hotel at 8 Ly Thai To Street. On March 17, they traveled from Hanoi to Hue on another sleeper bus. In Hue, they stayed at the Sunshine 3 Hotel on 10 Vo Thi Sau Street until March 19 before they moved to Hoi An where they stayed at the Backpacker Hostel at 250 Cua Dai Street from March 19-23. On March 23, they flew from the central city of Da Nang to Hanoi on VietJet flight VJ530, with her on seat 19E, and stayed at the Kingly Hotel again. On March 24, the couple went to Vietnam’s National Children's Hospital for testing following an updated regulation at the airport. She tested positive and he negative. They have been moved to the second campus of the National Hospital for Tropical Diseases in the capital city. "Patient 168" and "Patient 169" are two female employees of Truong Sinh company which provides food and hot water to Hanoi’s Bach Mai Hospital. They tested Covid-19 positive after nearly 5,000 staff and patients at Bach Mai were ordered to take the test. The order was issued after at least three confirmed cases - two nurses and a patient – as well as two other people that tested positive once for the virus were linked to the hospital. Until now, eight patients have been identified to be related to Bach Mai Hospital. Of the 169 infections confirmed so far, Vietnam has discharged 20 after treatment, including three last Friday. Many of currently active cases are Vietnamese nationals retuning from Europe and the U.S. and foreigners visiting from the same regions. Starting March 22, Vietnam has suspended entry for all foreign nationals, including those of Vietnamese origin and family members with visa waivers. The Covid-19 pandemic has so far killed more than 27,200 people in 199 countries and territories.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/vietnam-s-covid-19-suspect-tally-tops-3-000-4075987.html|&nbspMarch 28, 2020 07:41 am GMT+7|Vietnam's Covid-19 suspect tally tops 3,000|Vietnam had recorded 3,215 people suspected to be infected with the Covid-19 virus as of Friday night, double Tuesday's figure. Of these cases, 228 were among people placed under quarantine Friday while the remaining 2,987 had already been under quarantine from previous days, according to the Vietnam Public Health Emergency Operations Center. People are suspected to be infected when they have symptoms like cough, fever and shortness of breath and have come from outbreak areas or have had direct contact with returnees from stricken areas. In total, Vietnam has placed over 75,000 people under medical monitoring after they entered the country from outbreak-hit areas or been in close contact with returnees from stricken areas. Of these, more than 38,000 are being quarantined at home as they have epidemiological factors but are yet to display Covid-19 infection symptoms such as coughing, fever or shortness of breath. In recent days, a total of eight Covid-19 cases have been linked to Hanoi's Bach Mai Hospital, prompting the city's authorities to review nearly 1,600 people who had visited or received treatment at the hospital from March 15-25. All of them will be tested for the virus, placed in quarantine and have their health monitored. The Health Ministry has listed Bach Mai Hospital as an infection risk zone and asked other hospitals to limit the transfer of patients to it. The ministry has also requested that all passengers on 28 flights confirmed to have carried Covid-19 patients to contact local disease control centers immediately for health monitoring instructions so as to reduce the risk of spreading the infection. Vietnam has suspended entry for all foreign nationals except for those carrying official passports. The country detected six new Covid-19 cases on Saturday morning, raising the country's tally to 169, including 20 who have recovered and been discharged from hospitals. The two major cities of Hanoi and Saigon are the most affected by the epidemic with 58 and 34 active cases respectively. Globally, the Covid-19 pandemic has spread to 199 countries and territories, claiming over 27,000 lives.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/saigon-prepares-food-supplies-as-covid-19-spreads-4074585.html|&nbspMarch 25, 2020 05:00 pm GMT+7|Saigon prepares food, supplies as Covid-19 spreads|The Saigon Department of Industry and Trade has devised three scenarios to provide food and necessities to residents as Covid-19 infections increase. If Saigon manages to keep the number of patients below 100, people are anticipated to change from shopping every day to only on the weekends, said the department. Hoarding of food and necessities could cause shortages of certain products in certain time frames, it said. In such a case, the department would monitor the market and cooperate with businesses and other entities to make sure enough goods and products are provided. The HCMC Market Management Department and local authorities would make sure there would be no price gouging, hoarding or withholding of products, it stated. To stabilize the market, businesses would need to increase products by 30-40 percent. They would also be requested to prepare enough raw materials so the amount of products provided could be increased by 50-100 percent if necessary. In the second scenario, with the number of patients across the city no more than 300, supplies would be increased by 30-100 percent to help stabilize the market, said the department. In the third, worst-case scenario, when the novel coronavirus begins to spread widely among the community, the department would present city authorities with multiple product mobilization and distribution policies. The export of raw materials and products, like food and necessities, would be restricted as well, it added. In the ongoing fight against Covid-19, the amount of products used to stabilize the market in Saigon currently accounts for 35-50 percent of the city's demand. Several food products, including eggs, sugar and poultry, have increased production by thousands of tons a month to help stabilize the market, said the department. Additionally, the city has no shortage of masks, with 23 businesses producing around three million a day, of which one million are given to hospitals, said authorities. The city's industry and trade department is also looking for other countries and territories with raw materials to produce surgical masks in April. Saigon has so far confirmed 34 Covid-19 cases, of whom three have recovered and been discharged. As the number of infections continue to rise in the city, the southern metropolis has adopted several measures to help combat the spread of the disease, including closing down bars, clubs, gyms and restaurants. Vietnam has confirmed 134 Covid-19 cases so far, of whom 17 have recovered and been discharged. Many of the currently active cases are Vietnamese nationals retuning from Europe and the U.S. and foreigners visiting from the same regions. The Covid-19 pandemic has killed close to 19,000 people globally.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/sports/football/six-v-league-clubs-cut-players-salaries-over-covid-19-difficulties-4087403.html|&nbspApril 23, 2020 08:21 pm GMT+7|Six V. League clubs cut players’ salaries over Covid-19 difficulties|A financial crunch caused by the Covid-19 pandemic has prompted six of 14 V. League 1 clubs to reduce their players’ salaries. Thanh Hoa FC was the first team to cut their players’ salaries. It cut 30 percent of players’ wages in March, when V. League 1 matches were still being played. When the league got postponed in April, the cut increased to 40 percent and if the games cannot resume in May, it will be 50 percent, the club has said. The players are not happy. They have not even been paid their salaries for February, March and April. "I want to hear directly from the management board about problems with the current financial situation of the club and the solutions. The club already owes us salary for three months, if they decide to cut our salaries further then it will be really difficult for us...," said a Thanh Hoa FC player who did not want to be named. Meanwhile, players of Sai Gon FC offered to take a salary cut on their own. After discussions, the board and players agreed that they will take a 20 percent salary cut in April. "In this difficult situation, the team wants to help the club to get through this pandemic in a united spirit,’ said Sai Gon FC captain Nguyen Ngoc Duy. HCMC FC players have also agreed to a 30 percent salary cut in April. If the V. League continues to be delayed beyond May and June, the club will consider reducing it further. A 30 percent salary cut is also what Quang Nam FC players have agreed to. Meanwhile, players of Duoc Nam Ha Nam Ninh have said they have had no problems agreeing to a 25 percent cut in their salaries. "We totally understand what the club is going through. The board has affirmed that when the V. League returns, we will be paid our full salaries again," said Nam Dinh goalie Dinh Xuan Viet. Meanwhile, Hong Linh Ha Tinh has taken a different approach, applying a progressive system of salary cuts. Ha Tinh President and General Director Nguyen Tien Dung said the salaries of board members and foreign players that are above VND30 ($1,276) million a month will be cut 30 percent. Players who get VND20-29 million ($850-1,233) will have their salaries cut 25 percent and those who get below VND20 million will have to take a 20 percent cut. This measure will be applied starting April. "When the V. League is back, the club will adjust the payment back to ensure everyone’s benefit," Dung said. On the other side, clubs that are well heeled have said they would pay players their full salaries. Hanoi FC and Viettel FC, two clubs in the capital city that have wealthy owners, are unlikely to have financial constraints even if the league remains suspended for a few more months. Viettel FC, supported by telecom giant Viettel, has said it won’t let players face any difficulty during this period. Hanoi FC is financially backed by the T&T Group, so they haven’t considered any salary cuts, at least not for April and May. "Hanoi FC has a reserve fund, so it won’t affect us too much even if the league is postponed by one or two more months," said club president Do Vinh Quang. Although Song Lam Nghe An (SLNA) is not a wealthy club, they have decided to keep their players’ salaries intact. "It’s true that we are not applying a salary cut, and are not considering it for the future even if the V. League’s postponement is extended. The salary of SLNA players is already very low, ranging from VND8-10 million a month. Only very few players in the team get VND20 million a month and even that’s not high compared to other teams. So if we reduce their wages even more, how can they survive during this time?" said Ho Van Chiem, CEO of SLNA. SHB Da Nang had cut 20 percent of their players’ salaries during the economic crisis from 2008-2010, but they haven’t taken similar action this time. Bui Xuan Hoa, SHB Da Nang President, said: "The players already lost their bonus when V. League 1 was suspended, so we shouldn’t cut down their salary further. They have families to feed. Not to mention that if players have their salaries reduced, other staff and employees of the club have to follow suit as well." On average, Da Nang players’ wages are not high, at VND10-20 million a month. U21 players only receive VND2 million ($85) and when they make it to the first team, it increases to about VND7-8 million. Another club, Hoang Anh Gia Lai, has affirmed that they won’t reduce the salary of their players. After V. League was temporarily closed, their players didn’t return home. They have quarantined themselves at the club’s training complex instead. Becamex Binh Duong has also not cut players’ salaries, but has encouraged them to donate a part of their earnings to support Covid-19 prevention efforts in the country. Other clubs like Than Quang Ninh and Hai Phong FC have said that they will consider salary cuts if V. League action doesn’t resume soon. "At the moment, we are still keeping the same salary for players. However, in the current situation, business is not going well because of Covid-19, so we have to think about cutting wages in the future. The players should share this difficulty with the club," said Pham Thanh Hung, Than Quang Ninh President. As things stand now, V. League 1 is set to return on May 23, a week after the National Cup qualification kicks off.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/vietnam-goes-fifth-straight-day-with-no-new-covid-19-infection-4088104.html|&nbspApril 21, 2020 06:23 pm GMT+7|Vietnam goes fifth straight day with no new Covid-19 infection|The Health Ministry confirmed no new Covid-19 case Tuesday evening, keeping Vietnam’s count at 268, with active infections down to 52 after 216 discharges. Of the active patients, 12 have tested negative once and eight twice. As of this morning, the number of Covid-19 suspects had dropped by 166 against a day before to 405. People are suspects if they have symptoms like cough, fever and shortness of breath, and have come from outbreak areas or have had direct contact with returnees from stricken areas. Hanoi has gone six days without a new infection, while HCMC has done so for 17 days. Vietnam's latest patient, a girl from Ha Giang Province which borders China where her three brothers work as freelancers, was conrfirmed on Thursday morning. The capital city is still treating 30 patients and the southern metropolis, two. The Covid-19 pandemic has it 210 countries and territories, and its global death toll is reported at above 171,300.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/hanoi-hcmc-impose-travel-restrictions-to-commute-covid-19-4075758.html|&nbspMarch 27, 2020 09:33 pm GMT+7|Hanoi, HCMC impose travel restrictions to commute Covid-19|Vietnam's largest cities Hanoi and Saigon will reduce public transportation and transport to other localities to help curb the ongoing Covid-19 pandemic. The capital would cut 12,400 bus rounds per day, or 80 percent of the daily average, starting Friday, said Thai Ho Phuong, deputy director of the Hanoi Urban Transport Management and Operation Center. The cut would be applied to all bus lines across the city, he added. "Before, there would be a bus round every 5-15 minutes, but now there would be one every 45-60 minutes," he said, adding buses would run from 6 a.m. to 8 p.m. daily, instead of the usual 5 a.m. to 10 p.m. The cut would last until April 5 until further notice, said Phuong. HCMC would suspend all passenger buses that travel to other provinces from functioning for two weeks, said Chairman Nguyen Thanh Phong of the HCMC People's Committee at a meeting Thursday. The suspension is expected to start from 6 p.m. Friday, he said. Phong requested public bus services either be suspended or have their rounds cut dramatically. Ride-hailing services, except for delivery services, are also being considered for suspension. He requested the transport department to find ways to reduce the number of passengers flying to the city's Tan Son Nhat airport, as well as controlling the flow of people entering the city via rail. The airport has been closed to foreign arrivals but still receives domestic flights. "Tan Son Nhat receives around 7,000 domestic passengers per day, which is a large number... If we cannot suspend all flights, the number of passengers entering the city must stay under control," he said. Both Hanoi and HCMC have been instructed to limit the number of flights and transportation from the two cities to other places, said the Ministry of Transport in accordance with a directive from Prime Minister Nguyen Xuan Phuc on Friday. Phuc called for transportation restrictions from localities with Covid-19 outbreaks to other areas, as well as limiting public transportation and large gatherings to prevent the spread of the virus. Restrictions would not be applied to vehicles that transport goods however. As the number of Covid-19 cases in Vietnam rises day by day, authorities have introduced several measures to stave off its spread. Phuc for example has banned crowds of more than 20 people and ordered localities to close "non-essential" businesses, including massage parlors, karaoke bars, tourist sites, entertainment venues, movie theaters, beauty salons, beer shops, restaurants and eateries until April 15 to contain the epidemic. Only shops providing food, medicine and fuel should remain open, he said. Vietnam has confirmed 163 Covid-19 cases so far, of whom 20 have been discharged from hospitals. Many of the active cases are Vietnamese nationals returning from Europe and the U.S. and foreigners visiting from the same regions. The Covid-19 pandemic has killed more than 24,100 people globally after spreading to 199 countries and territories. The U.S. has surpassed China to become the worst-hit nation, reporting more than 85,000 infection cases.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/travel/places/hundreds-ignore-covid-19-curfew-flock-to-hanoi-temple-4074589.html|&nbspMarch 25, 2020 04:52 pm GMT+7|Hundreds ignore Covid-19 curfew, flock to Hanoi temple|Disregarding directions to avoid crowds, hundreds of devout Hanoi residents visited the closed Tay Ho Temple Tuesday to worship the Mother Goddess.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/sports/covid-19-crisis-slashes-vietnam-s-sea-games-para-games-budgets-4088534.html|&nbspApril 23, 2020 09:01 am GMT+7|Covid-19 crisis slashes Vietnam’s SEA Games, Para Games budgets|Vietnam will have to adjust its budget for SEA Games 31 and Para Games 11 as a fallout of the Covid-19 pandemic.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/10-more-covid-19-cases-take-vietnam-tally-to-163-4075864.html|&nbspMarch 27, 2020 07:01 pm GMT+7|10 more Covid-19 cases take Vietnam tally to 163|Ten people, including four foreigners, were confirmed infected with the novel coronavirus Friday, raising the country’s tally to 163. Of the 10 patients, three had close contacts with an infected person at Buddha Bar in Ho Chi Minh City, and three others are related to "Patient 133", a 66-year-old woman from northern Lai Chau Province who tested positive for the Covid-19 virus after staying for three weeks for treating a heart condition at the Bach Mai Hospital in Hanoi. Three having close contacts with an infected person at Buddha Bar include: "Patient 157" is a 31-year-old British woman who resides in District 4, HCMC. She had contact with a Covid-19 patient at the Buddha Bar. She has showed no symptoms and is being monitored at Cu Chi Field Hospital in HCMC. "Patient 158" and "Patient 159" are Brazilian men aged 45 and 33. They live in District 2, HCMC. Both of them had contact with the Covid-19 patient at the Buddha Bar on March 14. They have showed no symptoms and are being treated at HCMC’s Tropical Disease Hospital. Three cases related to "Patient 133" include: "Patient 161" is an 88-year-old Vietnamese woman who lives in Van Lam District, northern Hung Yen Province. On March 17, she had a headache and fell into a coma. She was rushed to the province's Pho Noi Hospital where she was diagnosed with internal brain hemorrhage. She was then moved to Bach Mai Hospital, where she was treated in the same room with "Patient 133" from March 17-22. After nine days of treatment, her condition got better. On March 24, the Bach Mai Hospital took her samples and they tested positive a day later. The patient is now being treated at the National Hospital of Tropical Diseases in Hanoi. "Patient 162" is a 63-year-old Vietnamese woman who lives in Hanoi's Long Bien District. She is the daughter-in-law of "Patient 161". Her health is stable and she is asymptomatic despite her samples testing positive. She is also being treated at the National Hospital of Tropical Diseases. "Patient 163", a 43-year-old Vietnamese woman, is a granddaughter of "Patient 161" who lives in Hanoi’s Long Bien District. She was a caretaker for her grandmother at the Bach Mai Hospital. She is being treated at Hanoi's Duc Giang Hospital. She is in good health and has shown no symptoms so far. The remaining four patients are: "Patient 154" is a 23-year-old Vietnamese woman who resides in northern Ha Long Town. A student in the U.K., she flew back to Vietnam, landing March 22 at the Can Tho Airport on Vietnam Airlines’ flight VN50, seat 12C, with "Patient 145" as a co-passenger. On arrival, she reported having fever, cough, breathing difficulties and nausea. She was quarantined first at Can Tho’s Military School. On March 24, she had developed a fever again and was transferred to the Can Tho’s Lung Disease Hospital for further treatment. "Patient 155" is a 21-year-old Vietnamese woman who lives in Hung Yen Province’s An Thi Town. She is student at the Huddersfield University in the U.K. On March 22, she also landed in Can Tho on Vietnam Airlines flight VN50, seat 2K. She showed no symptoms and was quarantined at Bac Lieu Province’s Military School. Once her samples tested positive, she was transferred to the Bac Lieu General Hospital for monitoring, along with her roommate in the quarantine zone. "Patient 156" is a 21-year-old Vietnamese man studying in the U.K. He resides in Ward 7, southern Tra Vinh Town. He landed March 23 in Can Tho on Vietnam Airlines flight VN50, seat 23G. He showed no symptoms on arrival and was quarantined at the Bac Lieu Military School. After testing Covid-19 positive, he and one roommate at the quarantine zone were taken to the provincial General Hospital for monitoring. "Patient 160" is a 30-year-old Vietnamese woman who lives in Loc Phat Ward, Bao Loc Town, Central Higlands Lam Dong Province. On March 20, she developed a cough and had some throat pain, but no fever. A month earlier, she’d been in Madrid, Spain and had contact with her sister who was infected with the Covid-19 virus. She flew from Madrid to Moscow Aeroflot flight SU2605 and from Moscow to HCMC on Aeroflot flight SU292. She was taken to the HCMC's Can Gio Hospital for treatment. Hanoi is currently the city with most Covid-19 cases in Vietnam with 55, followed by HCMC with 44. Also Friday, three Covid-19 patients were discharged from the Da Nang Hospital after testing negative three times in succession. Vietnam has so far discharged 20 of its 163 Covid-19 patients. The Covid-19 pandemic has spread to 199 countries and territories so far, claiming over 24,000 lives.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/three-covid-19-patients-in-vietnam-in-very-critical-condition-4074082.html|&nbspMarch 24, 2020 06:00 pm GMT+7|Three Covid-19 patients in Vietnam ‘in very critical condition’|The condition of three critically ill Covid-19 patients including a British man and a Vietnamese woman on ventilators has worsened. All three are being treated at the National Hospital of Tropical Diseases, with information of the third patient, a Vietnamese, not revealed. Doctors have had to perform blood filtration on the three patients and put them on a life support machine called Extracorporeal membrane oxygenation (ECMO) to allow their lungs and hearts to improve and function properly, the Health Ministry said Tuesday. The Vietnamese woman, 64, was suffering from vestibular disorder as an underlying condition. She experienced breathing difficulties that escalated into respiratory failure on March 15. Doctors had inserted a breathing tube and used a ventilator, among other measures, to help stabilize her. She was later transfered to the ICU. However, she continued to experience respiratory failure the following day. Her lungs were heavily damaged and her blood had to be filtered continuously. Blood filtration is a standard treatment for people in critical condition including those who suffer from septic shock, multiple organ failure, and metabolic disorders. Two days later, doctors decided to use the ECMO on her. The British patient, 69, had several underlying conditions, including diabetes and hypertension. Since March 15, he has been put on a ventilator and had his blood filtered. Two other people at the same hospital have also been put on ventilators. The Vietnamese woman is the aunt of 26-year-old Nguyen Hong Nhung, Hanoi's first Covid-19 patient who had landed March 2 in Hanoi on Vietnam Airlines flight VN54 that flew in from London. She was confirmed infected on March 7, a day after Nhung, while the British man, who was among several patients from that flight, was confirmed infected on March 8. The National Hospital of Tropical Diseases in Hanoi is currently treating 46 Covid-19 patients out of the 106 active cases in Vietnam. Of the 46, 34 are Vietnamese, while the remaining are foreigners. Starting Tuesday, it has transfered less serious cases to other hospitals in the city to reduce the work load. The critical cases were discussed at a meeting on Monday attended by Deputy Minister of Health Nguyen Truong Son, Director of Medical Examination Department Luong Ngoc Khue and infectious disease experts. WHO’s updated Covid-19 diagnostic and treatment guidelines and that of other countries were brought up at the meeting. While some drugs are being clinically tested, there is no specific medication which cures Covid-19 and all current drugs are used to treat the symptoms, experts said at the meeting. The country has confirmed 123 infection cases. Of these, 17 have been discharged from the hospitals. Of the currently active cases, 14 have tested negative either once or twice. Many of the active cases are Vietnamese nationals returning from Europe and the U.S. and foreigners visiting from the same regions. Most patients are in stable condition with no symptoms of fever, severe cough or breathing difficulties. X-ray images of their lungs show that they are normal. However, some are being treated for lung infections.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/sports/covid-19-forces-rescheduling-of-asean-football-tournament-4075186.html|&nbspMarch 26, 2020 06:00 pm GMT+7|Covid-19 forces rescheduling of ASEAN football tournament|The ASEAN Football Federation has decided to move the ASEAN Club Championship to next year and play the ASEAN Football Federation (AFF) Championship as scheduled in November. In an official statement released Thursday, AFF President Khiev Sameth stated: "Since the risks of transmission of the disease at mass gatherings such as football events are high, we have made a considered decision to delay, and whenever necessary, to cancel our competitions to minimize social contact with the objective to protect the safety and health of our football family and communities." The federation decided to have the 2020 AFF Cup, to be played in November as planned and will closely monitor future development of the virus to provide updates if necessary. Vietnam are the reigning champions. The AFF U15 Girls’ Championship in September, the AFF Futsal Championship, AFF Futsal Club Championship and AFF Beach Football Championship in the later part of the year will also take place as planned. AFF decided to push the ASEAN Club Championship (ACC), due to be played in May, to 2021 and postponed the AFF Women’s Championship in May, AFF U18 Women’s Championship in June, AFF U16 Boys’ Championship in July and AFF U19 Boys’ Championship in August to later this year. It did not announce the new dates. In what was possibly the highest-profile postponement, the International Olympic Committee announced Tuesday that the 2020 Tokyo Olympics, scheduled for July 24-August 9, have been postponed to no later than the summer of 2021 because of the coronavirus pandemic. Many other regional sport events in Vietnam and neighboring countries have been postponed by the virus, including the F1 Grand Prix in Hanoi, Euro 2020, AFC Cup and the ASEAN Basketball League.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/vietnam-enters-fifth-straight-day-with-no-new-covid-19-cases-4087682.html|&nbspApril 21, 2020 06:31 am GMT+7|Vietnam enters fifth straight day with no new Covid-19 cases|Vietnam reported no new infection Tuesday morning, keeping the nation's Covid-19 tally unchanged for the fifth day in a row.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/da-nang-discharges-three-covid-19-free-patients-4075668.html|&nbspMarch 27, 2020 01:41 pm GMT+7|Da Nang discharges three Covid-19 free patients|The Da Nang Hospital Friday discharged three Covid-19 patients - two British men and a Vietnamese woman - providing them with health and quarantine certificates. This take the number of Covid-19 patients discharged in Vietnam so far to 20. Upon their discharge, the three were transferred directly to different locations, where they will be quarantined for the next 14 days. The Vietnamese woman, 28, will be quarantined at her home in Da Nang's Hai Chau District under the supervision of the Da Nang Center for Disease Control. The British men aged 60 and 66 will be quarantined at a hotel in Son Tra District. The three patients met the Health Ministry's recovery protocol Thursday after testing Covid-19 negative at least three times in a row, said the Da Nang Hospital deputy director Nguyen Thanh Trung. The two British citizens were on Vietnam Airlines VN54 flight that flew from London and landed March 2 in Hanoi. At least 16 people on that flight have been confirmed to be infected with the Covid-19 virus so far, including a flight attendant. The Brits were confirmed Covid-19 positive on March 8. The Vietnamese woman, who works as a saleswoman in an electronics shop in Da Nang's Hai Chau District, had come into direct contact with the British nationals as customers on March 4. She was confirmed positive on March 10. Da Nang City has confirmed six Covid-19 cases so far. The three active cases left are an American man and two Vietnamese women, aged 24 and 27, who were confirmed infected with the novel coronavirus between March 18 and 25. None of the three have shown any severe symptoms. Vietnam has confirmed 153 Covid-19 cases so far, with most of the active ones those who'd returned from Europe and the U.S. and people who'd come into close contact with them. The Covid-19 pandemic has spread to 199 countries and territories so far, claiming over 24,000 lives.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/life/trend/soldiers-on-the-frontlines-of-battle-against-covid-19-4073667.html|&nbspMarch 25, 2020 10:58 am GMT+7|Soldiers on the frontlines of battle against Covid-19|Many soldiers have become cooks, helpers and delivery men for people in quarantine zones in Hanoi.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/malaysia-returnee-vietnam-s-123rd-covid-19-patient-4073764.html|&nbspMarch 23, 2020 09:32 pm GMT+7|Malaysia returnee Vietnam's 123rd Covid-19 patient|A 17-year-old Vietnamese girl returning from Malaysia is Ben Tre Province’s first and Vietnam’s 123rd coronavirus infection. "Patient 123" lived in Malaysia’s Sarawar state for about four months before arriving March 17 in Bandar Seri Begawa, capital of Brunei, from where she boarded Royal Brunei Airlines flight BI381, seat 27K, landing the same day at Saigon’s Tan Son Nhat International Airport. She then took a bus to the Mekong Delta province of Ben Tre and self-quarantined at home. She came into contact with two people at home who have not shown any symptoms so far. The girl has tested Covid-19 positive, the Health Ministry confirmed Monday evening. With "Patient 123," Vietnam confirmed 10 new infections on Monday. is a 24-year-old Vietnamese woman returning from Thailand. Her swab samples were confirmed positive at the Da Nang Center for Disease Control. The country has recorded 106 new cases since March 6, with 105 still under treatment and one having recovered last week. Of the active cases, 12 have tested negative either once or twice. Many of the active cases are Vietnamese nationals returning from Europe and the U.S. and foreigners visiting from the same regions. Starting Sunday, in an unprecedented move, Vietnam suspended entry for all foreign nationals, including those of Vietnamese origin and family members with visa waivers. The Covid-19 pandemic has killed over 14,700 people, spreading to 192 countries and territories thus far.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/business/industries/tourism-firms-hibernate-as-covid-19-fight-rages-4072740.html|&nbspMarch 27, 2020 07:44 am GMT+7|Tourism firms hibernate as Covid-19 fight rages|Vietnamese tourism companies are virtually in hibernation mode as the novel coronavirus slashes travel plans and, in turn, their revenues. It is hard to imagine a tour company conducting no tours, but that is what happening to Hanoi Redtours these days. Hanoi Redtours has been in business for more than two decades and has never experienced anything like its present inactivity. Nguyen Cong Hoan, deputy director of the company, said that all ongoing tours and bookings have been canceled this month, even though the company has been offering discounts of up to 50 percent to attract customers amidst the pandemic. "We are hibernating, and no one knows when this period will end." The company had targeted a first quarter revenue of VND120 billion ($5.1 million), but the accomplished figure was around VND50 billion ($2.1 million). Its six-month target will also be missed, Hoan said. "We’ll soon have to cut down staff salary and working hours." Vietnam’s tourism industry as a whole is facing one of the most uncertain, challenging times as the Covid-19 pandemic wreaks havoc around the world. Within the country, after recording 22 days straight without any new cases, Vietnam has been recording a second wave of patients since March 6, dominated by Vietnamese and foreigners coming from the U.K, the U.S. and the E.U. This has resulted in the closing down of most tourist destinations in the country. Phu Quoc Island, the largest in the country, has , while have been shut down on authorities’ orders. Small and big hotels have shut down, and more than 100 of them have offered to become quarantine zones. Tourism employees therefore have no jobs. The social media these days is filled with stories of tour guides and hotel staff being out of work. "I have to move back to my hometown with my parents. My Chinese and Japanese language skills are now irrelevant," wrote one user who also offered to sell fruits from his family garden to get some money. Others are taking any job available, including ride-hailing and delivery, to pay the bills while waiting for the situation to improve. Over 1,000 employees of leading tourism firm Vietravel have been staying at home in recent weeks with just their basic salary because they have no work. Hoang Duc Huy, CEO of Hanoi-based TransViet Group, has written to all staff, announcing the company’s plan to enter a hibernation mode, with some staff being reallocated to work in farms, while others will remain unemployed until the outbreak is contained. "This is unprecedented for the company in 24 years of existence," he wrote. HCMC-based tourism firm VietCircle has let most of its staff work from home with salary cuts. CEO Phan Dinh Hue said: "Like others in the industry, we have to use our contingency funds to cover costs in order to survive the difficult time." The tourism sector accounts for 7 percent of Vietnam’s GDP, but if indirect contributions, such as its impact on retail and food and beverage industry are included, the figure is closer to 14 percent, according to a report by investment fund VinaCapital. It said that the plummeting number of tourists could knock down one percentage point from GDP growth this year, taking it to a seven-year low of 5.52 percent. But some tour companies are trying to keep themselves active. Nguyen Quoc Ky, CEO of Vietravel, said that company leaders have been meeting regularly to discuss plans to reboot the business after the pandemic. "We are working to restructure the company and digitize all business, something we did not have time to pay attention to before." Most industry insiders, however, anticipate more difficult days ahead as the Vietnamese government takes drastic measures to contain the virus. Starting March 21, everyone entering Vietnam must be quarantined for 14 days, and international routes carrying foreigners must be suspended, Prime Minister Nguyen Xuan Phuc has ordered. Most local airlines have already suspended international routes, and the country has starting March 22. Although these moves can be seen as a knockout blow for the tourism industry, with losses estimated at $7 billion this year, Hoan of Hanoi Redtours is optimistic about a post-pandemic recovery. "We are working on new tourism products. We’ll come back stronger."
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/travel/places/ho-chi-minh-mausoleum-suspends-visits-as-covid-19-spirals-4073283.html|&nbspMarch 23, 2020 04:37 pm GMT+7|Ho Chi Minh Mausoleum suspends visits as Covid-19 spirals|Hanoi’s historic Ho Chi Minh Mausoleum in Ba Dinh Square closed its doors to tourists from Monday amid the threatening pandemic. The move followed the surge in Hanoi's number of new coronavirus infections which had hit 39 by Monday afternoon. The closure will last until the pandemic is contained in Vietnam, the management board of the mausoleum announced Sunday. Situated at No.2 Hung Vuong Street in Ba Dinh Street, the facility is normally open to the public from 7.30 a.m. to 10.30 a.m., except on Mondays and Fridays. In addition, all visits to the nearby monument dedicated to martyrs are suspended until further notice. President Ho Chi Minh passed away on September 3, 1969. In the following days, his body was embalmed by Soviet Union experts and a special Vietnamese medical team under a joint agreement between the two governments. His body is placed in a glass coffin at the mausoleum named after him in Hanoi. Opened in 1973, the granite memorial was inspired by Lenin's mausoleum in Moscow and built on the spot where Ho Chi Minh read the Declaration of Independence on September 2, 1945, establishing the Democratic Republic of Vietnam. The embalmed body of Uncle Ho is preserved in the central hall inside the building, and protected by a military honor guard. Millions of people visit the memorial each year, making it one of Hanoi's most popular attractions. Earlier, Hanoi and many other localities around the country closed all historical sites and tourist attractions as well as shut down all bars, karaoke parlors and entertainment facilities to prevent the spread of the epidemic. Vietnam has recorded 104 new infections since March 6, 103 still under treatment and one recovered last week. Of the active cases, 12 have tested negative either once or twice.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/vietnam-to-test-tb-vaccine-against-covid-19-on-medical-workers-4087436.html|&nbspApril 21, 2020 08:46 am GMT+7|Vietnam to test TB vaccine against Covid-19 on medical workers|800 doctors and nurses from several frontline hospitals across Vietnam will participate in a tuberculosis vaccine trial against Covid-19. Dr Nguyen Viet Nhung, director of the Central Lung Hospital in Hanoi, said on Monday his hospital has sought the Ministry of Health approval for a trial to find out if the Bacillus Calmette–Guérin (BCG) vaccine would mitigate the level of lung damage in Covid-19 patients. It would also compare the symptoms vaccinated patients have with those of other groups, he said. The vaccine has already been tested on some Covid-19 patients and people who had come into close contact with them, but the results have not studied yet. The Ministry of Health had assigned the hospital to work with the Central Institute of Hygiene and Epidemiology to study the effects of BCG on Covid-19. There have been studies on the vaccine’s effect on Covid-19 mortality rates, but researchers have been unable to confirm it protects from the coronavirus. In March medRxiv, an online archive and distribution site for complete but unpublished manuscripts in the medical, clinical and related health sciences founded by Yale University in the U.S. and other stakeholders, published a preprint showing that countries which widely use TB vaccination have a lower Covid-19 mortality rate. But it warns that preprints "should not be relied on to guide clinical practice or health-related behavior and should not be reported in news media as established information." The study has become a prerequisite for a series of experiments around the world. American scientists are evaluating the impact of BCG. If it proves effective, it will be tested on 4,000 health workers. In the Netherlands, 400 frontline doctors have been vaccinated for the experiment. A similar study has begun in Australia. However, there have been cases of the vaccine causing complications in adults. Nhung warned that people should not inject the vaccine at home. "If you rely on vaccines but do not strictly implement preventive measures recommended by the Ministry of Health including wearing masks, regularly disinfecting hands, social distancing ... then there will be outbreaks with devastating outcomes." Of Vietnam’s total of 268 Covid-19 cases, 215 have been discharged. The country has gone five days now without a new infection.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/vietnam-stays-clear-of-new-covid-19-cases-for-fourth-consecutive-day-4087075.html|&nbspApril 20, 2020 06:47 am GMT+7|Vietnam stays clear of new Covid-19 cases for fourth consecutive day|Monday morning marked the fourth day in succession that Vietnam recorded no new Covid-19 infection, keeping active cases at 66. The Covid-19 pandemic has spread to 210 countries and territories, with nearly 165,000 deaths reported so far.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/man-arrested-for-making-fake-facebook-claims-on-covid-19-deaths-in-vietnam-4087310.html|&nbspApril 20, 2020 11:26 am GMT+7|Man arrested for making fake Facebook claims on Covid-19 deaths in Vietnam|Police in the central province of Nghe An detained a man last Saturday for posting false claims on Facebook about Covid-19 deaths in Vietnam and a government cover-up. Nguyen Hoai Nam, 44, admitted to the police that he posted the false information and threatened local authorities to "attract attention on social media." He faces charges of "illegally posting or using information on computer networks and telecommunication networks," an offense that carries a maximum prison term of seven years. Investigators said he made the claim several times on his Facebook page between April 13 and 18 that Vietnam had seen its first deaths due to Covid-19. "Vietnam has recorded three Covid-19 deaths and the government is concealing this," he wrote. He also insulted local police and other authorities and threatened to stab them if they came to his house. Since the pandemic broke out in late January, authorities have slapped fines of up to 15 million ($427- 641) on hundreds of individuals for posting fake news. To tighten control over the propagation of fake news, authorities are slapping criminal charges on those posting false information about the pandemic with attendant . A man in the Central Highlands province of Lam Dong for posting false information on his Facebook page that Da Lat has recorded three infections, with one patient dying. Vietnam has recorded no new cases for the last four days. Of the 268 patients diagnosed so far, only 64 are still in hospital after the remaining 204 were discharged. No dealths have been recorded to date. The pandemic has spread to 210 countries and territories, with more than 165,000 deaths recorded so far.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/two-cambodia-returnees-latest-covid-19-patients-in-vietnam-4073520.html|&nbspMarch 23, 2020 02:02 pm GMT+7|Two Cambodia returnees latest Covid-19 patients in Vietnam|Two Vietnamese returning to the southern province of Tay Ninh from Cambodia have raised the total coronavirus infections in the country to 118. "Patient 117" is a 30-year-old man who resides in Long An Province, a Ho Chi Minh City’s neighbor. He went on tour to Phnom Penh, Cambodia on March 9 and started to cough and have shortness of breath, two typical symptoms of Covid-19, on March 16. He returned to Vietnam at Moc Bai International Border Gate in Tay Ninh, also a HCMC's neighbor, on March 19 and was quarantined at Tay Ninh General Hospital where he was tested positive. The chest X-ray shows his lung has been partly damaged. "Patient 118" is a woman, 23, who has chronic bronchitis. She is a resident in the Mekong Delta’s province of An Giang who works at a casino called Galaxy in Cambodia. She also entered Vietnam at Moc Bai gate on March 19. She was sent to Tay Ninh General Hospital for quarantine after she was found running a fever, coughing and feeling hard to breath. X-ray images also show damages in a part of her lungs. These two mark the first source of transmission of the virus from Cambodia in Vietnam. Cambodia from 11:59 p.m. March 20 to alleviate the burden on both Vietnamese and Cambodians in quarantine. On Monday morning, Vietnam has recorded . By far, the nation has had 118 infections, including 101 active cases, recorded since March 6. The earlier 17 having been discharged after treatment. Of the current active cases, 12 have tested negative either once or twice. Many of active cases are Vietnamese nationals retuning from Europe and the U.S. and foreigners visiting from the same regions. Starting Sunday, in an unprecedented move, Vietnam has suspended entry for all foreign nationals, including those of Vietnamese origin and family members with visa waivers. The Covid-19 pandemic has killed over 14,700 people globally as it spread to 192 countries and territories.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/life/trend/student-volunteers-hunt-down-passengers-linked-to-covid-19-4073497.html|&nbspMarch 25, 2020 07:43 am GMT+7|Student volunteers hunt down passengers linked to Covid-19|College students have spent the past 10 days tracking passengers on flights carrying Covid-19 infected based on information provided by airlines.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/covid-19-impact-peace-and-quiet-reigns-supreme-in-hanoi-4073139.html|&nbspMarch 22, 2020 08:30 pm GMT+7|Covid-19 impact: Peace and quiet reigns supreme in Hanoi|As the Covid-19 pandemic keeps people at home and the crowds off the streets, the capital city has reverted to a yesteryear quiet.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/vietnam-s-covid-19-suspects-cross-1-500-4074289.html|&nbspMarch 24, 2020 09:23 pm GMT+7|Vietnam’s Covid-19 suspects cross 1,500|1,596 people have been classified as potential carriers of the Covid-19 virus in Vietnam as of Tuesday night.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/illegal-sand-miners-make-hay-as-covid-19-keeps-people-at-home-4086981.html|&nbspApril 21, 2020 12:31 pm GMT+7|Illegal sand miners make hay as Covid-19 keeps people at home|While both authorities and the public are preoccupied with the novel coronavirus fight, illegal sand miners are busier than ever. When Vietnam began a 15-day social distancing campaign on April 1, with people asked to remain home and only go out when truly necessary, sand miners seemed to take advantage. On the night of April 12 residents of Phu Chau Commune in Hanoi’s Ba Vi District called newspaper offices to complain that more and more barges had been coming to their section of the Red River to mine sand, and more than a few were there right at the time. It was evident that illegal sand miners had taken advantage of the stay-at-home orders and the fact the public gaze was no more on them. For people living along the Red River, the fight against illegal sand mining has for years been their own since usually the criminals disappear when the police turn up and return after they leave. And even when they are caught, the penalty is trifling. On a good day a miner can earn VND1 billion ($43,000) from selling 2,000 cubic meters of sand whereas those caught are charged with "violating regulations related to research, exploration and exploitation of natural resources" and fined VND100-200 million ($4,200-8,500) if they steal over 50 cubic meters of sand without using explosives. The story is similar in the south too. Ten days into the social distancing campaign, people in Thong Nhat Commune, Bu Dang District, Binh Phuoc Province, complained bitterly they had had more than enough of sand miners. Besides operating every night in the river, causing a threat of erosion, the miners have trucks going in and out of the commune to carry away the sand, causing pollution. A local named Dam Van Lam told that he and his neighbors "cannot live like this any longer." Tran Quoc Tuan, chairman of Thong Nhat, said the commune "does not have enough personnel to fight sand miners in the river." Asked about the trucks, he said, "We cannot track down the actual owners." Amid the social distancing campaign, at least five cases of illegal sand mining were detected by local waterway authorities while patrolling to make sure people were following orders to stay inside. On April 14 a Border Guard Steering Committee task force in Ba Ria-Vung Tau Province near Ho Chi Minh City stopped five vessels carrying a total of 2,420 cubic meters of sand. The captains of the barges failed to produce documents showing legal origins for the sand, the reported. The authorities seized the sand, the captains’ licenses and the registration documents of their vessels for "transporting mineral products without legal origin," a charge that merely entails seizure of the illegal consignments. On April 7 and 8 traffic police in Long Thanh District, Dong Nai Province, another neighbor of HCMC, caught two different groups of sand miners in the Dong Nai River. They seized two boats loaded with equipment to suck sand out of the water and another with two cubic meters of sand, said the Also on April 8 the Hanoi traffic department’s waterway traffic task force caught a ship with a capacity of 500 tons mining sand in the Red River section in Phu Thuong Commune, Tay Ho District. The vessel had around 100 cubic meters of sand on board and a mining device still running. Police in Cho Moi District in An Giang Province in the Mekong Delta said they had caught red-handed three people on a boat with a capacity of 35 tons mining sand in the Tien River, a branch of the Mekong. They also found 15 cubic meters of sand in the vessel. The Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment said cases of illegal sand mining have been reported to it during the social distancing period. It has merely told local authorities to keep a closer eye on inland waterways to prevent this. It said a new decree to take effect on May 10 will raise the fines on illegal exploitation of mineral resources, with the highest amount going up to VND1 billion for individuals and VND2 billion for organizations. The fight against illegal sand mining has proven difficult since penalties are not enough of a deterrent and regulations are lax, law enforcement agencies said last year, suggesting that illegal exploitation of natural resources should be treated as theft and subjected to criminal penalties. Senior officials from the Ministry of Public Security had said it was difficult to press criminal charges because authorities had to prove that the miners had stolen more than VND100 million ($4,300) worth of sand in a single case or the value of the sand exploited must exceed VND500 million, and there was no mechanism for authorities to calculate this. Shockingly, many operators have been using the cover of dredging of inland waterways to mine sand from right under the noses of authorities. Others get a license to mine sand and then expand operations without a permit, using local people to extract the sand. A sand seller who asked for anonymity, explained: "If the police find out, it is those miners who get caught, while those companies walk away free. And if the miners do get sand, they have to sell it to those companies at just half the market price." Vietnam is not the only country to suffer from illegal sand mining. Global demand for sand and gravel, used extensively in construction, was around 50 billion tons a year, according to a report published by the U.N. Environment Program in May last year. Extraction from rivers and beaches has increased pollution and flooding, reduced groundwater levels, hurt marine life, and exacerbated the occurrence and severity of landslides and drought, the report said. Existing legal frameworks are not sufficient, and "sand mafias" comprising builders, businessmen and dealers in countries such as Cambodia, Vietnam, India, Kenya, and Sierra Leone regularly flout the law, it added.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/10-patients-in-vietnam-test-covid-19-negative-4073063.html|&nbspMarch 22, 2020 04:09 pm GMT+7|10 patients in Vietnam test Covid-19 negative|10 patients being quarantined and treated for Covid-19 have tested negative for the novel coronavirus, Vietnam’s Health Ministry confirmed Sunday. Three of them have tested negative twice and seven others have done so once. The three patients who tested negative for the second time are a 26-year-old Hanoi woman coming back from London and confirmed infected on March 6, and two British tourists diagnosed on March 8. All three are being treated at the National Hospital of Tropical Disease in Hanoi. The facility has 34 Covid-19 patients – 22 Vietnamese and 12 foreigners. Among seven patients who have tested negative once are three in Hanoi: a British tourist, a Vietnamese flight attendant and a 25-year-old French woman. They are awaiting their second results at the National Hospital of Tropical Disease in Hanoi. The other four are two British tourists and being treated in Da Nang, one British tourist in Hue and a Vietnamese woman in HCMC. The Health Ministry said most of the patients are in stable condition with no fever, cough or breathing difficulties, and their chest X-ray readings are normal. A few patients who showed signs of pneumonia were treated with a specific regimen for the disease, the ministry said. Under Health Ministry regulations, a person infected with the novel coronavirus is deemed healthy once she/he shows no sign of fever for three days and tests negative twice in three days. Other signs include improved clinical symptoms, overall stable status and vital signs, normal organ function and improved chest X-ray readings. Most recently on March 20, a 27-year-old Vietnamese man found infected with Covid-19 after returning from South Korea was discharged from hospital after having no fever and being . Vietnam has recorded 99 Covid-19 infections, of which 17 have been cured and discharged. Of the 82 active cases, 26 are foreigners. The Covid-19 pandemic has spread to 188 countries and territories so far and its global death toll has increased to more than 13,000.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/ho-chi-minh-city-in-times-of-covid-19-4072976.html|&nbspMarch 22, 2020 11:41 am GMT+7|Ho Chi Minh City in times of Covid-19|Saigon's streets have emptied as people are wary of the novel coronavirus and stay at home.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/veteran-doctors-step-up-as-covid-19-fight-intensifies-4072417.html|&nbspMarch 22, 2020 08:44 am GMT+7|Veteran doctors step up as Covid-19 fight intensifies|Doctor Nguyen Thi Khuyen has become a familiar face and smile in Lien Mac Ward, Bac Tu Liem District, Hanoi. The 64-year-old physician, who retired 10 years ago, not only distributes leaflets on the Covid-19 pandemic door to door each day, she directly provides useful, reassuring information. Khuyen is one of several retired doctors in Hanoi who've decided that a global pandemic is time to practice again, in any ways they can. Residents in the area see Khuyen as an extra reliable source of information about the pandemic, besides the ward’s loud speakers and media news. In each and every house she visits, she meticulously instructs inmates on how to wear face masks, the process of washing hands and advises them to refrain from gathering in crowded places and to cover their mouths when coughing or sneezing. "I have knowledge, health, time and the opportunity to disseminate, there is no reason I stand outside this war," she said. Khuyen used to head the Lien Mac Commune medical center before calling it a day. She and 280 other retired doctors in the city have joined the battle against the deadly virus. She does think about the possibility of being quarantined and living away from her family, but "I'm not afraid." Khuyen said she is happy that everyone supports her work. As a doctor, Khuyen fully understands the dangers of the Covid-19 pandemic. "What I can do I am willing to do. First I disseminate, maybe later I will be involved in caring for infected patients. I am also willing to leave home if there is a mobilization order," she said. A yoga class with more than 20 members has followed her advice to suspend operations. Khuyen has also joined local officials in advising households to cancel parties and confine themselves to getting marriages registered. So far, three wedding parties have been postponed in the ward. "I am not afraid of difficulties. What I am concerned is that people do not know how to prevent the disease and end up spreading the virus among the community." Like Khuyen, Dang Minh Vu, a medical official in Dong Ngac Ward in the same district, who retired five years ago, is willing to join the battle. In his 70s, he suffers from high blood pressure and understands that he is at higher risk of contracting the virus. However, he said: "I am very confident because I have had experience participating in fighting the SARS epidemic in 2003." No resident of the Dong Ngac Ward was infected during the SARS outbreak. There were only two F1 patients who had come into close contact with an infected patient and some F2 and F3 patients. They were all isolated at home, Vu recalled. Vu had to go to each patient's house twice a day to check their body temperatures, blood pressure and to handle the situation promptly if anyone in the family showed symptoms of being infected with the virus. "The prevention of SARS and Covid-19 is basically the same, but Covid-19 is more powerful than SARS," he said. "I learned more about medicine and have experience in fighting SARS, so I now have to join thís battle." His native place is 30 km away from where he lives. Each times he goes there, he advises his family not to gather in large numbers and to dispose of face masks safely after use. He knows that in case the number of infections rises, retired doctors might have to directly take care of and treat infected patients. There is the possibility that he would have to be isolated for 14 days, 20 days or even more but he is ready to be mobilized. Nguyen Thi Bich Lai, 68, is another one of the 280 retired doctors involved in the Covid-19 fight in the district. Having retired 25 years ago, Lai now heads a flourishing sports club. She is excited about the upcoming training course for the anti-pandemic team, but does not forget that she has to take good care of her own health. Members of her club still practice together, but she encourages people to wear face masks every training session, stand 1.5 meters apart from each other and not talk much. "At first, wearing medical masks made everyone uncomfortable. We switched to wearing cloth masks and that is much more comfortable," she said. Over the past week, as the number of infections rose fast in Hanoi, her club has stopped operations and members practice at home. "I love medicine so I want to join the fight and to do this, I need good health," she said. Vietnam has put 90,000 doctors and 125,000 nurses ready to fight the epidemic, but also prepared to recruit medical students and retired doctors when needed. Hanoi currently hosts the highest number of active Covid-19 infections in the country, 34 out of the nation's 77. But that does not faze the retired doctors. Doctor Vu said: "I am willing to work not just during the day, but at night and overnight. I hope that Dong Ngac Ward and the Bac Tu Liem District in Hanoi as well as the country as a whole can control the pandemic soon."
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/business/economy/corporate-bond-issuance-plummets-over-covid-19-pandemic-4073639.html|&nbspMarch 24, 2020 07:38 am GMT+7|Corporate bond issuance plummets over Covid-19 pandemic|Corporate bond issuance value in February fell 44 percent from January as the coronavirus pandemic interfered with companies’ financial plans. The value of bond issuance on the Hanoi Stock Exchange (HNX) fell 44 percent to VND6.8 trillion ($292 million) in February, although January had less working days due to the seven-day Lunar New Year holiday . Real estate companies accounted for the largest value of bonds issued at 40.5 percent of the total, followed by stock brokerages and banks. In the first two months, 39 companies on the HNX bourse issued VND18.7 trillion ($803 million) worth of bonds with maturity terms of two to five years. Top brokerage SSI Securities Corporation (SSI) said that the plummeting bond value reflects the impacts of the novel coronavirus pandemic on companies’ financial plans. Private investors only bought 26 percent of the issuance value, showing greater interest in other assets with greater security, it said in a note. Several stock brokerages have anticipated that the corporate bonds market will see slow growth this year after doing well last year. Investors are questioning the capacity of bond issuers after the Ministry of Finance warned that some companies were offering the unusually high coupon rates of 15-20 percent a year, compared to the market average of 10-11 percent. The finance ministry last month proposed to make regulations for corporate bond issuances to protect investors, after some companies made issuances worth 50 times and 100 times their equity. The State Bank of Vietnam has also ordered commercial banks to stop buying bonds to restructure their debts. The value of corporate bond issuances increased by 25 percent from 2018 to , according to the SSI.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/life/trend/vietnamese-student-recalls-way-back-home-from-covid-19-hotspot-4072383.html|&nbspMarch 21, 2020 02:30 pm GMT+7|Vietnamese student recalls way back home from Covid-19 hotspot|A Vietnamese postgraduate student in communications in Italy, who decided to return home due to the pandemic, says what she has been through. On March 8, Ngoc Linh's brother called and convinced her to return to Vietnam, which she had been hesitating to do. When the lockdown was announced and northern Italy was isolated, she started feeling very apprehensive. She immediately booked a ticket through Dubai for $740, double the usual price. "I had not planned to leave initially because I believed I could protect myself. But I returned because I wanted to put my family at ease." During her 36 hours en route she was filled with trepidation and wore two masks, replacing them every six hours. She cleaned her hands with sanitizer every 15 minutes, and each time she went to the restroom she washed three times with soap. On board the aircraft, she disinfected every inch around her seat, never took off her masks and skipped meals. When she transited in Dubai, a medical officer took a nose swab from her to test for the novel coronavirus, and she had mixed feelings, both worried about getting stuck in the UAE and knowing she did not want to carry Covid-19 to Vietnam. She had to wait for 21 hours for her test result. No one called out her name on the public address system, and she was allowed to board. When they set foot in Hanoi’s Noi Bai International Airport, Linh and the nine other passengers on board were whisked away for a health examination because they had come from Italy, a Covid-19 hotspot. After that, they were all allowed to eat. "Oh my god, the banh mi with egg and pork was so good that I thought food from any three-star Michelin restaurant owned by Gordon Ramsay could not compare with it." Before returning she had been worried she would face a stigma about coming from a pandemic hotspot, but she was wrong: Everybody was caring, making her feel she was on a 14-day vacation when being in the quarantine. Linh is preserving memories of that "vacation" by taking photos inside her quarantine facility and drawing on them. In them she describes her time in the quarantine. When she is hungry, she can ask someone to buy food from the outside. Every morning a man wearing a blue shirt comes to her room, wakes her up and asks her if she feels alright, Linh said. "If you have any problem, I’ll come right away...," he has told her. He is a medical officer responsible for keeping a watchful eye on people in the quarantine. Linh plays games and works on some online courses at her university. It will be another week before Linh is allowed to return home to her family. Vietnam has had 91 patients so far, of whom 74 are undergoing treatment and the remaining 17 have recovered. In Italy, the death toll has climbed to over 4,000, more than in China, and morgues are running out of space.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/travel/places/foreigners-plan-return-to-vietnam-following-covid-19-pandemic-4072260.html|&nbspMarch 21, 2020 08:15 pm GMT+7|Foreigners plan return to Vietnam following Covid-19 pandemic|Some tourists who had their trips canceled in Vietnam over novel coronavirus fears wish to come back when the virus is finally brought to heel. French tourist Vincent Sokol wanted to visit his mother’s hometown in Son Tay Town, around 42 kilometers from Hanoi's center in northern Vietnam, but his journey was cut short in the Central Highlands. Sokol had to wait a long time for the opportunity to travel across Vietnam with a group of 17 other Europeans over three weeks between March 8 and 28. On his recent trip to the Mekong Delta and Central Highlands, the images of women working hard in the fields, tireless workers, or the simple things he saw on the road left on him a strong impression. His group was recently denied entry by authorities in the Central Highlands province of Kon Tum. They were forced to go to neighboring Dak Lak Province instead, where a hotel only accepted them on the tour company’s persuasion. They canceled their itineraries to Hoi An ancient town in central Vietnam and some northern region destinations as scheduled. They returned to HCMC on March 17 to go home on March 20. The sudden change made him unable to visit his mother’s hometown as originally planned. However, he also understood why many tourist attractions in Vietnam were closed, and why Kon Tum authorities did not allow them entry. "We do not feel uncomfortable. Because everyone understood this is a global pandemic. Such acts aim to protect the health of the community. Especially, we felt warm-hearted as Dam San Hotel in Buon Me Thuot [a town in Dak Lak] accepted to let us to stay one night when we could not continue the journey," Sokol said. Sokol said he would love to come back to Vietnam to visit his mother's hometown and the tourist attractions that he had missed. Serge, another Belgian tourist in the delegation, said he would He had looked forward to learning about the communal culture of northern Vietnam but his wish was not fulfilled because of the country's epidemic. Serge said the delegation met with many suspicious stares, but that locals were generally friendly. Joining the trip, Belgian Marie Line had repeatedly contacted the travel agency in Belgium before departure, to make sure their trip would commence smoothly. At the time, the Covid-19 epidemic had not yet spread much throughout Europe, mainly affecting Italy. For her and her husband, the journey to explore a distant Asian country was a special occasion to celebrate their 20th wedding anniversary. "Our friends said in Vietnam there are many unique heritages and cultural traditions. In addition, there are charming landscapes and unique cultural features," she said. Over the past few days, the couple had enjoyed local Mekong Delta life. Her delegation visited Cai Be Town in Tien Giang Province and experienced activities such as cooking, and sleeping at a local’s house amongst four generations. "I was quite surprised because I did not think there would be that many generations living in a house filled with laughter. I felt happy," Line said. Recently, many hotels and tourist establishments refused to receive foreigners, especially European tourists in the context that many were confirmed positive for the novel coronavirus in Vietnam. Of the nation’s after the country going 22 days without any infection, 24 are foreigners. Twenty two are European and two American. Increasing discrimination against foreigners because of coronavirus fears prompted Prime Minister Nguyen Xuan Phuc to to safeguard the country’s tourism image. World Health Organization recently named Europe the epicenter of the Covid-19 pandemic, which has spread to 186 countries and territories, claiming over 11,400 lives. Officials around the country have been calling out discrimination to protect the country's reputation. Authorities in Hue, Hoi An and Da Nang have urged hotels and restaurants to be friendly to foreign tourists. The novel coronavirus has in January-February with the number of hotel guests decreasing by 60-70 percent year-on-year, Government Office Chief Mai Tien Dung said at a meeting last week.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/covid-19-gives-overseas-vietnamese-students-hard-time-4071753.html|&nbspMarch 21, 2020 08:00 am GMT+7|Covid-19 gives overseas Vietnamese students hard time|Vietnamese studying abroad are unable to relax with Covid-19 cases on the rise, though locals appear unfazed.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/business/data-speaks/despite-covid-19-vietnam-sees-no-online-shopping-surge-4071231.html|&nbspMarch 23, 2020 09:23 am GMT+7|Despite Covid-19, Vietnam sees no online shopping surge|Vietnam’s e-commerce sector has not yet reaped reverse gains of the Covid-19 pandemic, with industry insiders saying business has actually dropped. Tran Tuan Anh, managing director of Vietnam's Shopee e-commerce site, said that they have not discerned any pandemic-driven surge in online shopping. Industry leaders had earlier forecast a boom with consumers practicing social distancing and limiting outside travel and human contact. Web visits of e-commerce sites in Vietnam, including Shopee, Tiki, Lazada and Sendo, have in fact recorded a 14 percent year-on-year drop in the first two months, according to analytics website Similarweb. After decreasing by 30-50 percent compared to early January, the demand for many products is yet to show signs of recovery. Fashion and goods directly related to tourism (travel vouchers, luggage, swimwear and others) have been negatively affected, while that of electronics and cosmetics showed no growth, the iPrice representative noted. Nguyen Ngoc Dung, vice president of Vietnam E-commerce Association (VECOM), said that while online shopping can be popular among consumers during the epidemic, shoppers were likely to focus on purchasing essential items instead of driving growth for the whole industry. In general, the economy's overall purchasing power is declining, resulting in decreasing sales of many groups of products as consumers tighten their belts. Late Tuesday morning, a Tiki representative confirmed that among the most sought items on the site were face masks, wet wipes and air purifiers. The site recorded 4,000-5,000 customer orders per minute for products in this group. Tiki recorded a 15 percent surge in online demand for such items compared to the last two months of 2019. According to iPrice, online demand for certain consumer staples and medical supplies soared. Demand for face masks and hand sanitizer increased 600 and 100 times, respectively. Nguyen Tran Bich Ngoc, founder and CEO of EComEasy (ECE), a company specializing in providing services to sellers on e-commerce platforms, said: "At least two people in each household will go online to read more about the outbreak before searching to buy face mask with a reasonable price. Therefore, e-commerce sites are focusing on promoting these items to attract these new customers." Vietnam’s e-commerce market is projected to grow to VND399.5 trillion ($17.3 billion) in 2023 from VND218.3 trillion ($9.4 billion) last year, according to GlobalData. Nearly 30 percent of Vietnam’s population shopped online between 2016 and 2020, with yearly sales being around $350 per person.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/covid-19-seesaw-british-man-tests-negative-after-post-discharge-positive-diagnosis-4086625.html|&nbspApril 18, 2020 03:30 pm GMT+7|Covid-19 seesaw: British man tests negative after post-discharge positive diagnosis|"Patient 22," a British man who tested positive after being discharged from Da Nang, has tested Covid-19 negative in the U.K.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/645-people-suspected-to-have-covid-19-in-vietnam-monitored-4073262.html|&nbspMarch 23, 2020 10:07 am GMT+7|645 people suspected to have Covid-19 in Vietnam, monitored|In Vietnam, 645 people were suspected to have Covid-19 as of Sunday night, the highest number since the outbreak began.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/covid-19-impact-vietnam-to-quarantine-all-overseas-arrivals-4072499.html|&nbspMarch 20, 2020 09:16 pm GMT+7|Covid-19 impact: Vietnam to quarantine all overseas arrivals|All passengers arriving in Vietnam from abroad will be automatically quarantined for 14 days starting on Saturday as authorities try to limit the spread of Covid-19. The Transport Ministry directed the Vietnam Aviation Administration to notify all passengers of the requirement as per a decision taken by the National Steering Committee for Covid-19 Prevention. Diplomats will be quarantined at their agency or place of accomodation under the supervision of local authorities. Before entering Vietnam, every passenger will have to make a health declaration. The temperature of all passengers will be checked on embarking and before entering the aircraft, which will also be sterilized. The Transport Ministry has asked all immigration, military, customs and medical authorities to complete required procedures quickly and keep the passengers in the airport for no more than 90 minutes. International flights to Vietnam will have to land at designated airports in localities, including northern Quang Ninh Province, southern Can Tho City, and central Binh Dinh Province. The National Steering Committee for Covid-19 Prevention also said Friday that with the novel coronavirus infection becoming a pandemic, Vietnam needs to change its containment strategy. All concerned agencies should take action to prevent the risk of infection from hundreds of thousands of people who have entered Vietnam (from the first of March until now), including many from infected areas, the committee said. Deputy Health Minister Nguyen Thanh Long said along with the quarantining of all Vietnamese and foreigners on entry, functional forces must urgently review and detect suspect cases early for Covid-19 testing. On Wednesday, March 18, Vietnam had stopped issuing visas to all foreigners. All those who have visa exemptions, like overseas Vietnamese and direct relatives of Vietnamese citizens, as also other special cases like some experts, businesspeople and skilled workers, must have a Covid-19 negative certificate from an authorized agency of the host country and must be approved by Vietnam. As of Friday, Vietnam has had 91 Covid-19 cases, of whom 74 are undergoing treatment and the remaining 17 have recovered.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/life/culture/business-insider-hails-uplifting-spirit-of-vietnam-s-new-covid-19-song-4086639.html|&nbspApril 20, 2020 08:21 am GMT+7|Business Insider hails uplifting spirit of Vietnam's new Covid-19 song|American news website Business Insider has praised a new Vietnamese song for lifting up people’s spirits to fight the Covid-19 pandemic. Minh Beta, the songwriter, rejected dismay and picked up the fight against the pandemic in the most positive way by cheering the nation with his upbeat song, it said. The song "Vietnam oi! Danh Bay Covid" (Vietnam! Let's Fight Covid), has been endorsed by Vietnam’s Health Ministry. The official music video of the song was released April 1 on YouTube and it went viral quickly thanks to its positive messages and the appearances of guest stars as superheroes in the An English version of the song was also introduced several days ago. "Let us stay at home because to stay at home is to love our country," Minh said, introducing the music video on his Facebook page. He chose the superheroes concept to appreciate the unsung heroes who have been tirelessly working in the frontlines of the pandemic and to call on heroic virtues in each individual to support the fight, Minh said. Other Vietnamese artists have also won praise for using their talents to join the nation's Covid-19 fight, to motivate the general public to participate in the battle against the deadly virus. Last month, a Vietnamese public announcement on the Covid-19 in the form of a song was carried by famous comedy show "Last Week Tonight with John Oliver" aired March 2. Cover versions of the song, translated into English, were later done by other artists.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/vietnamese-doctor-among-three-new-covid-19-patients-4073413.html|&nbspMarch 23, 2020 11:19 am GMT+7|Vietnamese doctor among three new Covid-19 patients|A doctor is among three new Covid-19 patients confirmed by the Health Ministry Monday morning, raising the country's tally to 116.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/perspectives/during-the-covid-19-pandemic-do-as-the-vietnamese-do-4072619.html|&nbspMarch 21, 2020 01:15 pm GMT+7|During the Covid-19 pandemic, do as the Vietnamese do|As I wrote in a recent essay for international education colleagues, Vietnam has overcome steep odds throughout its millennia-long history.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/student-from-paris-is-vietnam-s-covid-19-patient-92-4072754.html|&nbspMarch 21, 2020 04:17 pm GMT+7|Student from Paris is Vietnam's Covid-19 'Patient 92'|A 21-year-old Vietnamese student from France has tested positive for the novel coronavirus, bringing the country's Covid-19 tally to 92. The Health Ministry said Saturday that the man, a resident of Da Lat in the Central Highlands, flew on Qatar Airways flight QR40 from Paris to Doha on March 16, before landing March 17 at Saigon's Tan Son Nhat Airport on flight QR970 (seat 18D). Asymptomatic on arrival, he was quarantined in District 12. A day later, he developed fever, sore throat and a dry cough. He was transferred to the Cu Chi Field Hospital the same day. His swab samples tested positive the first time on March 19 and the second time on March 21. He's being treated at the Cu Chi facility. Vietnam has confirmed 92 Covid-19 cases so far, 17 of whom have been cured and discharged from hospitals. Most of the active cases, now hospitalized in 11 cities and provinces, are returnees from Europe and the U.S. and people who’d come into close contact with them. Hanoi has the highest number of active patients at 27, followed by HCMC with 18. All the patients are in stable condition except for a 69-year-old British man and a 64-year-old Vietnamese woman who were reportedly in critical condition a few days ago. Both have been put on ventilators since March 15. The Covid-19 pandemic has spread to 186 countries and territories, claiming over 11,400 lives.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/vietnam-airlines-pilot-among-four-new-covid-19-infections-4072516.html|&nbspMarch 20, 2020 08:56 pm GMT+7|Vietnam Airlines pilot among four new Covid-19 infections|Four Vietnamese citizens returning from abroad, including a pilot, have tested Covid-19 positive, raising the national total to 91. The new infections were confirmed Friday by the Health Ministry. "Patient 88" is a 25-year-old Vietnamese woman residing in Hanoi's Ha Dong District. A student in the U.K., she returned to Vietnam on March 12. Her flight details were not available at the time of publishing. From March 12-16, she quarantined herself at home. On March 16, she had chest pain and trouble breathing. She informed the Hanoi Center for Disease Control, where swab samples tested positive. She has been quarantined at the Hanoi's National Hospital of Tropical Diseases and her health is stable. Authorities are in the process of identifying and testing those who had come into contact with "Patient 88". "Patient 89" is a 22-year-old Vietnamese woman living in Ho Chi Minh City. She travelled from New York to Japan and from Japan to Saigon's Tan Son Nhat International Airport Tuesday on AirJapan (ANA) flight NH 831, seat 28C. She was asymptomatic on arrival, but her samples tested positive Wednesday. She is currently under quarantine and treatment at the city's Cu Chi field hospital. "Patient 90" is a 21 year-old Vietnamese woman living in Binh Thanh District, Ho Chi Minh City. She was in Barcelona, Spain for a month as an intern. On March 15, she traveled from Barcelona to Dubai on Emirates flight EK188 and then to Tan Son Nhat airport on Emirates flight EK392, seat 36A. At the airport, she had a slight fever and cough and was transferred to the city’s quarantine center where swab samples showed she was Covid-19 positive. "Patient 91" is a 43 year-old Vietnam Airlines pilot residing in District 2, Ho Chi Minh City. On February 8, he was a passenger from London to HCMC on a Vietnam Airlines flight. While he does not remember all his travel and other details since that date, he piloted Vietnam Airlines flight VN272 Ho Chi Minh City - Hanoi and VN607 Hanoi - Ho Chi Minh City on March 16. From March 13-18, the patient, a British national, was in Ho Chi Minh City and went to a number of places to eat and drink. On March 17, he developed a fever and cough; and on the afternoon of March 18, visited the Hospital of Tropical Diseases in Ho Chi Minh City, where X-rays showed right lung tissue damage. Swab samples test results showed twice that he was Covid-19 positive. He has been quarantined and is receiving treatment at the hospital. Authorities have locked down The Ascent apartment building in District 2 where the patient stays. It is home to 765 residents including 159 foreigners. Vietnam has recorded 75 novel coronavirus infections since March 6 after the country had gone 22 days without any new infection. Of its 91 Covid-19 patients, 17 have been discharged. The pandemic has spread to 182 countries and territories, claiming over 10,000 lives.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/five-more-test-covid-19-positive-in-hcmc-4073086.html|&nbspMarch 22, 2020 03:45 pm GMT+7|Five more test Covid-19 positive in HCMC|Five people in Ho Chi Minh City, including two British men, have tested positive for the novel coronavirus, raising the country's total to 99, the Health Ministry confirmed Sunday. "Patient 95" is a 20 year-old Vietnamese living in Go Vap District. He is a student coming back from France on Air France flight AF258, seat 34J, on March 18. He is under treatment at the city's Cu Chi field hospital. "Patient 96" is a 21-year-old Vietnamese woman living in District 8. Two weeks before coming back to Vietnam, she has traveled to Belgium, Germany, the Czech Republic and France. She landed in Tan Son Nhat Airport on March 19 on Emirates flight EK392 from Dubai, seat 30E. She's being treated at the HCMC Hospital of Tropical Diseases. "Patient 97" and "Patient 98" are 34-year-old British men, working as English teachers in the city. They both went to Bar Buddha in District 2 on March 14 with "Patient 91," a and sought medical checks after the pilot was confirmed infected on Friday. The two share an apartment at The Gold View apartment building on Ben Van Don Street, District 4. The entire 29th floor of block A1 of the building, with 17 apartments, have been locked down since Saturday afternoon. "Patient 99" is a 29-year-old Vietnamese man in Binh Thanh District. He flew back from Paris on Air France flight AF258, seat 33H, on March 18, the same flight as "Patient 95." He showed no symptoms upon entry and was transfered to a quarantine zone in District 12. His sample was tested positive for Covid-19 on March 21 by HCMC’s Pasteur Institute. The five cases confirmed on Sunday raised Vietnam's Covid-19 patient tally to 99, including 17 people who have recovered and discharged. HCMC alone is treating 23 patients. Covid-19 pandemic has spread to 188 countries and territories and claimed over 13,000 lives, with Italy (4,825 deaths) having surpassed China (3,261) as the most deadly Covid-19 epicenter.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/covid-19-clear-vietnam-goes-three-straight-days-without-new-infection-4086826.html|&nbspApril 19, 2020 06:46 am GMT+7|Covid-19 clear: Vietnam goes three straight days without new infection|Vietnam has gone 72 hours without a new Covid-19 case, keeping the national tally of active cases at 67.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/no-new-covid-19-case-recorded-in-vietnam-in-24-hours-4085851.html|&nbspApril 17, 2020 06:40 am GMT+7|No new Covid-19 case recorded in Vietnam in 24 hours|With no new case confirmed Friday morning, Vietnam has gone 24 hours straight without recording any fresh Covid-19 infection. The national infection tally has stayed at 268 since Thursday morning. Of these 177 have been discharged from hospitals. Among the 91 active cases, 19 have tested negative twice and 14 once, the Health Ministry said Friday morning. Around 40 percent of the country's infections were cases of community transmission, while the rest were those coming into Vietnam from other countries. On Thursday, Vietnam brought the number of suspected Covid-19 patients down to a one-month low, with just 310 in quarantine. The Covid-19 pandemic has spread to 210 countries and territories with reported deaths surpassing 145,300.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/saigon-mosque-closed-after-followers-contact-with-covid-19-patient-4071122.html|&nbspMarch 18, 2020 01:55 pm GMT+7|Saigon mosque closed after followers' contact with Covid-19 patient|A Saigon mosque was shut down Tuesday after six people who prayed there came into close contact with a Covid-19 positive Vietnamese man. The Jamiul Islamic mosque in Phu Nhuan District was closed down per an order from the Saigon Department of Health. Six people in a prayer session were determined to have come into contact with a Vietnamese native of Ninh Thuan Province who returned from Malaysia and became Vietnam's 61st Covid-19 patient. They are now quarantined at a medical camp in Can Gio District. The head priest and his family members who manage the mosque and live on its premises have been quarantined in their home. Authorities have asked the head priest to suspend all services and inform the Muslim community in the area to pray in their own homes. The mosque has been disinfected. The Jamiul Islamic mosque has around 170 regular followers and is also the Office of the Islamic Community of Ho Chi Minh City. "Patient 61" is member of the Muslim community in Ninh Thuan's Van Lam 3 Village, Thuan Nam District. The man went from Ninh Thuan to Saigon on February 26 and flew to Kuala Lumpur on February 27, where he participated in a religious event with around 16,000 people from February 27 to March 1. He returned to Saigon's Tan Son Nhat Airport on March 4 and joined a prayer session at the mosque on March 4 and 5. He left for Ninh Thuan on the night of March 5. Local authorities started monitoring his health on March 12 after discovering that he came back from Malaysia, a Covid-19 hotspot in Southeast Asia with 673 infections and two deaths. On March 15, he had a sore throat and high fever and was admitted to Ninh Thuan General Hospital. His samples later tested positive for the novel coronavirus. Vietnam has confirmed 68 Covid-19 cases so far, with 16 having been cured and discharged. "Patient 67," is a 36-year-old native of Ninh Thuan who had accompanied "Patient 61" on the Malaysia trip. He is being treated at the Ninh Thuan General Hospital. The Covid-19 pandemic has spread to 167 countries and territories, claiming nearly 8,000 lives.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/vietnam-9th-safest-place-in-asia-pacific-amid-covid-19-pandemic-study-finds-4085119.html|&nbspApril 18, 2020 09:00 am GMT+7|Vietnam 9th safest place in Asia-Pacific amid Covid-19 pandemic, study finds|Vietnam is the ninth safest place in the Asia-Pacific to get through Covid-19, a study released by Hong Kong’s Deep Knowledge Group says. It scored 594.91 to become one of only three Southeast Asian nations to make the top 10 along with Singapore and Thailand, the study released on Tuesday said. To come up with the ranking, the group, a consortium of commercial and non-profit organizations active in deep and frontier technologies, evaluated countries and territories using 24 parameters in four different categories: quarantine efficiency, government management efficiency, monitoring and detection, and emergency treatment readiness. South Korea topped the ranking with a score of 628.17, followed by Australia and China. Vietnam was 20th globally. Israel led with a score of 632.32 and Germany was second with 631.07, followed by South Korea. The Deep Knowledge Group also released the highest risk, treatment efficiency and most supportive government rankings. Italy, the U.S. and the U.K. took the first, second and third spots among destinations with the highest risk. Germany, China and South Korea led in treatment efficiency. Germany, the U.S. and Japan were the most supportive governments. The rankings used Deep Knowledge Group’s proprietary analytical methodology to analyze 150 . The data was collected from publicly available sources including the World Health Organization, Johns Hopkins University in the U.S., the U.S.’s Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, and Worldometers, a reference website that provides counters and real-time statistics for diverse topics. Each parameter was given a specific weighting and used as inputs.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/american-tourist-tests-covid-19-positive-in-da-nang-4071175.html|&nbspMarch 18, 2020 01:26 pm GMT+7|American tourist tests Covid-19 positive in Da Nang|A 41-year-old American tourist who'd been to eight countries before arriving in Da Nang last weekend is Vietnam's 68th Covid-19 patient. Since February 11, he had visited India, Spain, Morocco, Switzerland, Germany, Hungary and the Netherlands, then transited at Singapore before landing at the Da Nang International Airport at around 11 a.m. last Saturday on Silkair flight MI632. After he submitted a health declaration, the patient was transferred to the 199 Military Hospital. Tests done at the Da Nang Center for Disease Control Wednesday morning showed he was infected with the novel coronavirus, and this was later re-confirmed by a second test at the Nha Trang Pasteur Institute. Apart from "Patient 68", Da Nang has confirmed three Covid-19 cases - two British tourists on Vietnam Airlines flight VN54 from London to Hanoi on March 2, and a Vietnamese saleswoman who’d come into contact with them. 52 of the nation’s 68 Covid-19 infections have been detected since March 6, prior to which the nation had gone 22 days without a new case. The previous 16 patients have been discharged from hospitals. The Covid-19 pandemic has spread to 165 countries and territories, claiming nearly 8,000 lives.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/hanoi-resuscitates-abandoned-hospital-for-covid-19-quarantine-4071654.html|&nbspMarch 19, 2020 03:12 pm GMT+7|Hanoi resuscitates abandoned hospital for Covid-19 quarantine|Two blocks of an abandoned hospital in Hanoi are being repaired and modified into a quarantine zone amidst rising Covid-19 threat.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/117-hotels-offer-to-be-covid-19-quarantine-camps-4071643.html|&nbspMarch 19, 2020 11:35 am GMT+7|117 hotels offer to be Covid-19 quarantine camps|Many hotels, resorts and other lodging establishments have agreed to act as quarantine areas for suspected Covid-19 patients, the Vietnam National Administration of Tourism said. Around 117 had signed up to become either free or paid isolation zones as of Wednesday, it said. Some have agreed to provide discounts both on rooms and services. In Saigon, nine have signed up, including a five-star hotel in Tan Binh District and a resort in Can Gio District, with around 641 rooms. The city is quarantining foreigners for free, but many have asked to stay in hotels instead and pay for it. Its Department of Tourism said it would try to encourage more lodging establishments to become quarantines. A major hotel in Da Nang’s Son Tra District has offered 127 of its rooms to the city for free. As of Thursday morning Vietnam had 122 suspected Covid-19 cases and over 42,000 people returning to the country from outbreak areas who are being closely monitored. There have been 76 confirmed cases so far, 16 of whom have recovered. The pandemic has spread to 176 countries and territories, claiming almost 9,000 lives.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/business/central-vietnam-iz-implements-continuity-plan-to-mitigate-covid-19-impacts-4083938.html|&nbspApril 17, 2020 02:00 pm GMT+7|Central Vietnam IZ implements continuity plan to mitigate Covid-19 impacts|The WHA Industrial Zone 1 in Nghe An Province has effectively deployed a business continuity plan to minimize disruptions caused by the coronavirus pandemic.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/vietnam-not-source-of-covid-19-outbreak-on-us-aircraft-carrier-officials-4085709.html|&nbspApril 17, 2020 08:26 am GMT+7|Vietnam not source of Covid-19 outbreak on US aircraft carrier: officials|U.S. military officials are almost certain that Vietnam is not the source of a deadly Covid-19 outbreak on aircraft carrier Theodore Roosevelt. They believe that the outbreak, which has seen almost 600 sailors on board get infected, was caused by a series of flights conducted by the carrier’s air wing, the reported Wednesday. The aircraft recorded its first infections of the novel coronavirus in three sailors on March 23. From then on, the virus was transmitted rapidly, forcing the carrier to suspend a deployment in Asia and switch to a port in Guam, a U.S. island territory in Micronesia, in the Western Pacific. More than 4,000 crew members were moved ashore and enough people kept on board to attend to the ship’s nuclear reactors and other systems. Last Tuesday, a sailor was admitted to an intensive care unit (ICU) in Guam, a day after another sailor from the carrier died after contracting the virus. The sailor who died had become infected while he was on the carrier. In a statement Tuesday, the U.S. Navy said the sailor had been moved to the ICU for "increased observation due to shortness of breath." Three other sailors from the carrier are being treated at the U.S. Naval Hospital in Guam for coronavirus symptoms. There was some speculation that the carrier’s trip to Da Nang in early March might have triggered the outbreak with one of the sailors contracting the virus. Speaking on April 4 about a decision to relieve the ship’s captain Brett Crozier off his command, President Donald Trump said: "I guess the captain stopped in Vietnam and people got off in Vietnam. Perhaps you don’t do that in the middle of a pandemic, or something that looked like it was going to be, you know, history would say you don’t necessarily stop and let your sailors get off." Crozier was relieved of command after writing a letter regarding Covid-19 cases aboard ship on March 30. A report said the U.S. Navy relieved the captain of his command as a way of "punishing him for the leak of a scathing letter he sent to superiors that sought stronger measures for curbing a coronavirus outbreak aboard the ship." An April 5 commentary said a close reading of Captain Crozier’s March 30 letter makes it clear that the Navy did not equip the carrier with proper testing capabilities or provide instructions on what to do if anyone got sick. The USS Theodore Roosevelt docked at the Tien Sa Port in Da Nang in central Vietnam on March 5, beginning a five-day visit. It had docked at the port along with cruiser USS Bunker Hill. The carrier alone has 5,000 crew members and along with the cruiser, a total of 6,500 military personnel visited Vietnam, their visit an event marking the 25th anniversary of U.S.-Vietnam diplomatic relations. Military officials are now saying that they do not think the coronavirus outbreak aboard the aircraft carrier was a result of the ship’s visit to Vietnam, because no crew member appeared to contract the virus until March 24 or March 25, which means more than two weeks after the Da Nang visit. Given the incubation periods observed for the Covid-19 virus, the two-week time frame eliminates the port visit as a source of what has become the U.S. military’s largest outbreak among service members, they said. The five-day period when the aircraft carrier was in Vietnam was a period when the nation enjoyed 22 straight days of no new infections, starting from mid-February and lasting until March 6, when some cases were reported in Hanoi. When the carrier and cruiser visited the country, Vietnam had confirmed just 16 infections and all of them had been discharged from hospitals. During their stay in Da Nang, the officers and crew members attended various meetings and events, played games with their Vietnamese naval counterparts and took part in community activities. City officials and reporters had been invited for a tour of the aircraft carrier. Everyone going on the tour had been checked for Covid-19 and anyone who had traveled through or from China or had direct contact with infected patients were not allowed on board. Only after the aircraft carrier had left Vietnamese shores did a new wave of infections break out in the country, with all the confirmations comprising Vietnamese citizens returning from abroad, and foreign tourists visting the country. It was not until early this month that health authorities confirmed Vietnam has entered the third stage of the epidemic with several cases of community transmission cases. U.S. military officials, as the report said, now assume that outbreak on board the aircraft carrier originated from trips made by the carrier’s flight crew. U.S. aircraft carriers normally have dozens of aircraft on board, along with flight crew and pilots. The first cases of coronavirus on board the Roosevelt were among members of the carrier’s air wing, they noted. The USS Theodore Roosevelt’s arrival in Da Nang marked the second U.S. aircraft carrier to visit Vietnam in two years. The USS Carl Vinson visited Da Nang for five days in 2018. That visit marked a milestone in diplomatic ties between the two former enemies. It was the first time a U.S. Navy aircraft carrier docked in Vietnam, four decades after the end of the Vietnam War.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/life/trend/flight-attendants-stare-covid-19-in-the-face-4070690.html|&nbspMarch 18, 2020 07:24 pm GMT+7|Flight attendants stare Covid-19 in the face|With 500,000 Vietnamese stuck in Europe waiting to be repatriated, local air stewards face the increased risk of Covid-19 infection.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/vietnam-goes-two-days-straight-with-no-new-covid-19-case-4086235.html|&nbspApril 18, 2020 06:30 am GMT+7|Vietnam goes two days straight with no new Covid-19 case|Vietnam has not confirmed any new Covid-19 infections since Thursday morning, keeping its total count at 268.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/vietnam-covid-19-patient-discharged-from-hospital-after-full-recovery-4072106.html|&nbspMarch 20, 2020 09:59 am GMT+7|Vietnam Covid-19 patient discharged from hospital after full recovery|A 27-year-old Vietnamese man found infected with Covid-19 after returning from South Korea has recovered and was discharged from hospital Friday morning. He has tested negative three times this week and "is now completely healthy," the Ministry of Health said Thursday night. Of 69 patients being treated in the country, he was the first to recover. He was admitted to the Ninh Binh General Hospital after becoming . He thanked the medical staff upon being discharged. "I feel lucky to have received your diligent care," he said. Pham Van Hiep, director of the hospital, said the patient did not have a fever or cough for several days before the discharge. He could not hide his joy: "The treatment during the 12 days since the patient was admitted to hospital involved the effort and hard work of all doctors and nurses here." The man hails from the northern province of Thai Binh, around 100 kilometers from Hanoi. On February 17 he had flown to Busan and then to Daegu, South Korea's Covid-19 epicenter, along with his 24-year-old sister. After entering Vietnam on March 4 he was quarantined at a centralized facility and tested positive. He will now be quarantined at home for two weeks under the supervision of local medical officials. Vietnam had gone 22 days without a new case of coronavirus infection, which causes Covid-19, until March 6. It , all of them returnees from abroad. Covid-19 has spread to 179 countries and territories and claimed over 10,000 lives. On Friday Italy made global headlines after its death toll surpassed China’s and rose to 3,405.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/covid-19-impacts-video-conferencing-most-downloaded-app-in-vietnam-4071668.html|&nbspMarch 19, 2020 02:00 pm GMT+7|Covid-19 impacts: Video conferencing most downloaded app in Vietnam|Zoom Cloud Meetings has pushed Facebook and Tiktok down store charts to become the most downloaded application of the past week in Vietnam. The video conferencing app has become a valuable and useful option for many in Vietnam as schools continue to remain shut since as far back as the Lunar New Year holiday in late January, and even businesses shift to a work-at-home model as the number of new novel coronavirus infections increase in the country and the world. The app, which has been downloaded dozens of millions of times, has climbed to top the list of most popular free apps on both iOS and Android stores. Zoom is a California-based publicly traded company. Its app offers virtual meetings which allow users to connect with one another from anywhere with an internet connection. "Three members in my family have installed Zoom. Now every morning instead of going on Facebook, everyone uses their smartphone and log into Zoom for meetings," said Pham Hang, a Hanoi office worker. Hang said the application is more convenient than other video calling platforms because it can be used on many devices on either Wifi or 4G connections. She also said it was easy to navigate the app with users able to share screenshots while messaging each other. Zoom allows up to 49 video participants per page in HD quality. Users can also share files, save recording notes, record and save virtual meetings on their hard drive or upload them to a cloud service. These benefits have prompted many offices and schools to use the app for their meetings and online learning. However, users might experience cache error if the app is installed on outdated devices. Vietnamese users have also been downloading other apps to facilitate their working/studying from home in the coronavirus era, including Microsoft Team, Hangouts Meet and Skype. As of Thursday morning, , including 22 foreigners, since March 6. Before that, the country had gone 22 days without any new infection. The previous 16 patients have been discharged from the hospital.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/taiwan-firm-in-hcmc-improves-covid-19-safety-measures-after-shutdown-4086215.html|&nbspApril 17, 2020 05:37 pm GMT+7|Taiwan firm in HCMC improves Covid-19 safety measures after shutdown|Authorities say footwear maker Pouyuen Vietnam Co. Ltd. can resume operations after extra measures taken to reduce Covid-19 risks.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/business/techcombank-customers-set-for-1-28-billion-covid-19-relief-package-4084205.html|&nbspApril 16, 2020 11:30 am GMT+7|Techcombank customers set for $1.28 billion Covid-19 relief package|Techcombank will help Covid-19 affected individuals and enterprises with a VND30 trillion ($1.28 billion) credit relief package including lower interest rates and debt rescheduling.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/now-s-the-golden-period-to-fight-covid-19-pm-4070291.html|&nbspMarch 17, 2020 08:00 am GMT+7|Now’s the 'golden period' to fight Covid-19: PM|Vietnam's prime minister said Monday that despite the novel coronavirus epidemic intensifying, it was also a ‘golden period’ for Vietnam to contain it. PM Nguyen Xuan Phuc said at a cabinet meeting that people should limit public gatherings, especially in big cities, as also in places like bars and karaoke parlors. He said mass and home quarantining should continue as also isolation in monitored groups. He asked the National Steering Committee for Covid-19 Prevention and Control to consider increasing spending on quarantined people and proposed better financial support for doctors, health workers and other workers in quarantine zones. The "golden period" to defeat the novel coronavirus is now before the epidemic moves to the next stages, he said. Phuc advised against discrimination against the infected patients and for strict punishment to be imposed on those who are intentionally dishonest about their conditions. Starting March 7, everyone arriving in Vietnam from overseas has to fill out health declaration forms and follow quarantine protocols if found carrying symptoms of the novel coronavirus. Those coming from coronavirus-hit areas, including the U.S. and Schengen area, have to receive Covid-19 tests on arrival. Vietnam has recorded 45 new infection cases since March 6 after going 22 days without any new infection. The coronavirus epidemic has spread to 162 countries and claimed the lives of more than 7,100 people. The PM also requested central hospitals, the army, police and local hospitals to devise urgent plans for further intensification of the epidemic. Retired doctors, nurses, medical officers should be tapped for help if needed, he said. The Ministry of Finance and the State Bank of Vietnam should deploy support packages of the World Bank and other organizations, he directed. Epidemiological data from China shows that 70 percent of the infections are within families, so it is necessary to inform families and provide them with more support to prevent the spread of the virus when there are risk factors, the PM said, adding that high-rise apartment buildings must also work on plans to limit the spread of the epidemic. Vietnam will continue to restrict flights from coronavirus-hit areas. The ministries of Health, Defense and Transport will decide the landing locations of certain flights so that people can be quarantined when needed. The Health Ministry will review medical conditions of arriving passengers and consider testing right on the plane, he said. The National Steering Committee on Covid-19 Prevention and Control has tasked relevant agencies to check body temperatures of people as and when needed. Vietnamese citizens from epidemic-hit regions will still be subject to mandatory quarantine, it added. It also said Vietnam will make use of information technology to quickly detect suspected cases and categorize them into those with high infection risks, greater danger of developing fatal complications, such as the elderly and people with preexisting medical conditions. In a separate interview with , Colonel Ha The Tan, Deputy Director of Army Preventive Medicine and member of Covid-19 Prevention Technical Sub-Committee of Military Medical Department under the Ministry of Defense, said aggressive quarantining can help reduce epidemic costs. He said the money spent on quarantining of 10,000 people will be much less than treating 1,000 infections cases. Tan also said that Vietnam has identified five stages of the epidemic. The first stage is when there are infection cases, the second when there are cross infections, the third when the virus has spread to more than 20 people, the fourth when infections rise to between 1,000 and 3,000 and the fifth when the number rises to between 3,000 and 30,000. Vietnam is right now at stage three, and the nation’s response will be tailored accordingly, he said. The government, the national steering committee and the military have prepared for all scenarios, he added. "I think Vietnam has not entered the stage where the infection is widespread in the community. Patients 17 and 34 have infected others, but these were mostly people close to them," Tan said, referring to 26-year-old Nguyen Hong Nhung in Hanoi who infected three people after flying back from London, and 51-year-old Dang Thi Lynh Trang in the south central Binh Thuan Province who led to at least 10 other infections after returning from Washington D.C. Both women returned to Vietnam on March 2. At this stage, the majority of new cases in Vietnam are "imported," he said. He said that given Vietnam’s capability in controlling the situation, it will be difficult for the number of infections to rise to 1,000 or more and reach proportions seen in South Korea, China or Italy, the colonel said. But, he cautioned: "If the epidemic in Europe and other regions goes bad, overseas Vietnamese can rush back home. This large group is a great risk. The government should maintain imposing the immediate 14-day quarantine that has been applied to Vietnamese citizens returning from China and South Korea." Tan also referred to Vietnam’s success in the northern province of Vinh Phuc where all 11 patients were cured and discharged, saying "we can discover cases early, zone the area and establish quarantine facilities to wipe out the epidemic right on the spot." The Health Ministry has also launched an online portal where the nation’s top experts can communicate directly with doctors on the ground treating infected cases.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/covid-19-impacts-vietnam-seeks-opinions-on-postponing-asean-summit-4071204.html|&nbspMarch 18, 2020 03:55 pm GMT+7|Covid-19 impacts: Vietnam seeks opinions on postponing ASEAN summit|Vietnam is discussing with members and partners the advisability of delaying a high-level ASEAN meet and related events over the Covid-19 pandemic. As the bloc's chair his year, Vietnam is consulting with members and partners to reach a decision on organizing the 36th ASEAN Summit and other related meetings scheduled for April, Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Le Thi Thu Hang said Tuesday. The summit has to be held April 6-9 in Vietnam's Da Nang City, which is treating . Hang said the consultation was happening in the light of the Covid-19 pandemic "developing complicatedly inside the bloc and around the world," she said. "We will make a specific announcement after the matter is decided by top leaders," she added. ASEAN has ten members - Brunei, Cambodia, Indonesia, Laos, Malaysia, Myanmar, the Philippines, Singapore, Thailand and Vietnam, and eight partners - Australia, China, India, Japan, New Zealand, Russia, South Korea and the U.S. The ASEAN Summit is a biannual meeting held to discuss economic, political, security and socio-cultural development of the bloc's members. It is a prominent regional and international conference, with world leaders attending its related summits and meetings to discuss various problems and global issues and strengthen cooperation in tackling them. So far, Covid-19 infections have been recorded in six ASEAN member nations - Cambodia, Malaysia, the Philippines, Singapore, Thailand and Vietnam. Malaysia has issued a two-week national lockdown after infections in the country spiked to the highest in Southeast Asia at over 600, along with two deaths. Vietnam has , 52 of whom have been detected since March 6, prior to which the nation had gone 22 days without a new case. The previous 16 patients have been discharged from hospitals. The Covid-19 pandemic has spread to 167 countries and territories, claiming nearly 8,000 lives.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/life/trend/babies-return-to-vietnam-without-parents-over-covid-19-fears-4069346.html|&nbspMarch 18, 2020 11:44 am GMT+7|Babies return to Vietnam without parents over Covid-19 fears|There were two special guests aboard on a recent Vietnam Airlines flight from Frankfurt to Hanoi – a 2-month baby and 3-year-old sibling. It was cloudy in Frankfurt that afternoon. A Vietnamese couple tearfully, reluctantly, handed over their children to their grandmother. Their busy work schedule did not allow them to return to Vietnam, although the Covid-19 was fast becoming a pandemic. Not confident about the preventive measures being taken by the host country, they asked the grandmother to come to Germany and take their children home. On the flight across oceans, the two children fell asleep. A short while after, though the two-month baby and her three-year-old sister started to cry. It was difficult for their grandmother to comfort both at the same time. Their cries resounded loudly in the aircraft and other people turned back and frowned. The situation was uncomfortable. To the rescue came chief flight attendant Luu Phuong Anh. A mother herself, Phuong Anh realized the two babies were hot. With their grandmother's permission, she took off their outer clothes, then cradled and comforted them. She knew that they were missing their mother. Soon after, the younger baby slept peacefully. She gave the baby to her grandmother and continued doing other work, but from then on, the flight crew took special care of the babies and their grandmother. Every half an hour, the attendants took turns to cradle them or entertain them with some toys. At 6.10 a.m. on March 10, the plane landed at the Noi Bai International Airport after a 12-hour journey. The babies and their grandmother were picked up by their family. Phuong Anh and her crew breathed sighs of relief. "I am concerned for the babies having to stay away from their parents," Phuong Anh said. On the car to downtown Hanoi, she kept thinking about them. The experienced flight attendant had never encountered such a situation before. On the afternoon of March 11, 22-year-old Nguyen Kim Chi hugged tight her 6 month-old nephew Nguyen Nhat Khanh Dang as they joined the line of people leaving the quarantine zone in Son Tay, Hanoi. After they got out, she immediately boarded a flight to central Vinh Town and from there, took a car to their hometown in central Ha Tinh Province. For a fortnight, Khanh Dang had been living with another aunt. His parents are in Busan, South Korea, 4,000 km away. The father is a factory worker, and the mother hasn't got back to work after maternity leave. Their initial plan was to send Khanh Dang back to Vietnam in April. But the novel coronavirus had other plans. In mid-February, when the outbreak in South Korea got serious, many Vietnamese working and studying there got afraid and returned to Vietnam. But, "my sister and brother-in-law can't go back because they have to work. So they had to send the baby back along with an aunt," Chi said. Khanh Dang had to leave his mother while he was still dependent on breastmilk. He and his aunt landed at Hanoi's Noi Bai International Airport on February 25, and Chi was there to pick them up. But she had not realized that the baby and the aunt would have to go to a quarantine area. That night, Chi stayed in a guesthouse near the quarantine area in the Son Tay Military School of Hanoi. She was anxious, since the aunt was not used to taking care of him. His parents and grandparents were also worried. "The next morning, I got permission to come inside and join them. He missed his mother and cried a lot, and I could not hold back my tears myself," she said. Even though this was the first time Kim Chi was spending time with her nephew, they hit it off well. Khanh Dang drank bottled milk, stopped crying and slept soundly. Over the two weeks in the quarantine zone’s room 403, the boy brought joy to 17 other people in the room. In another room, was another 6-month-old baby who’d come in on the same flight. "We got what we needed in the quarantine zone, but I wanted to go home and I know my nephew did too," Chi said. After reaching his home, Dang took to his grandparents and other relatives, giving much needed reassurance to his parents missing him thousands of miles away. A Vietnam Airlines representative said that since the Covid-19 virus spilled out of Chinese borders, there were more baby customers on flights back to Vietnam. Apart from the babies mentioned, there were four young children and two babies on a March 5 flight from Incheon, South Korea to Van Don Airport in northern Quang Ninh Province. Their parents had to say goodbye to them in Incheon and assigned them to acquaintances on the flight to Vietnam. On the flight, medical staff and crew members took turns to take care of them. When the babies arrived at the Van Don Airport, their grandmother picked them up and they are in a quarantine area, following regulations.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/life/trend/foreigners-grapple-with-stigma-as-covid-19-drives-vietnamese-avoidance-4070997.html||Foreigners grapple with stigma as Covid-19 drives Vietnamese avoidance|Foreigners are considering whether to leave Vietnam or stay as they are rapidly acquiring a stigma due to the coronavirus pandemic. Corb Vil, who has lived in Hanoi for three years, was earlier this month denied service at a restaurant because he was a foreigner. The 45-year old American had gone to have lunch at a noodles eatery in downtown Hai Ba Trung District, and was surprised when a waiter came out waving his hands and shaking his head. "No foreigners," he told Vil. Vil says: "I understand some locals are scared of foreigners at this time. I cause fear, but it’s not my fault." It was just one of several such experiences he has faced since the outbreak. His favorite massage parlor refuses entry to foreigners, and a resident of his apartment building once refused to share an elevator with him. "Some locals look at me like I’m a zombie." Vietnam declared the coronavirus outbreak an epidemic on February 1, and so far 66 people have been diagnosed with Covid-19, 22 of them foreigners, including 19 currently in hospital. Leigh Wills, a Canadian who arrived in Vietnam two weeks ago, decided to cut short her trip. "I have been waved away a few times, and there has also been a case where a sign said no foreigners," she says. Her bookings at some Hanoi hostels were canceled without any reason being given. There have been more reports about foreigners not being allowed into local hotels, including one who was rejected at six hotels in the northern province of Ninh Binh, where some hotels have completely stopped accepting bookings from foreigners. A group of 18 French tourists were recently denied access by authorities in the Central Highlands province of Kon Tum. They are forced to go to Dak Lak Province instead, where a hotel only accepted them on the tour company’s persuasion. Discrimination against foreigners has been a popular theme in recent days on a Facebook group in Vietnam, which has 132,500 members. Many users complain about the stigma they have faced. Some foreigners in the group have jointly written a memo in English and Vietnamese to show restaurant waiters and taxi drivers in the hope it will ease their fears. "I do not have Covid-19" is one of the statements in the memo, which also describes how long the person has been in Vietnam and the last time they left the country. Officials have been calling out against discrimination. Authorities in Hue, Hoi An and Da Nang have urged hotels and restaurants to be friendly toward foreign tourists. Bui Van Manh, deputy director of the Ninh Binh Tourism Department, says local authorities ensured that the tourist who was rejected by six hotels found a place to stay, and it is not the policy of the province to deny access to foreigners. The department is making efforts to ensure something like that does not happen again, he says. "We have sent staff to assist foreigners in finding accommodation amid the outbreak. A list of hotels available to foreigners has been published on our website." With new cases being diagnosed almost every day, authorities have ordered bars, karaoke parlors and tourist sites across the country to shut down until the end of March. Many foreigners are uncertain about whether to stay back as most entertainment activities have been suspended and they evoke xenophobic responses. Wills says: "In Da Nang, not many backpackers or places with people present. If you are looking for atmosphere I do not recommend it." The number of foreign arrivals in February fell 22 percent year-on-year to 1.2 million, and industry insiders expect things to worsen as Vietnam has suspended issue of visas to all foreigners. In Ho Chi Minh City, all bars and beer clubs are closed as authorities continue to take precautions, while night people "do not know what to do after sunset," Jessica Clayton, a British tourist, says. "Hanoi’s Ta Hien Street was quiet when I was there last week. I thought the circumstances in the south would be better, but I was wrong." Another bother for foreigners is the mandatory face mask regulation in public places. "We have been wearing masks, but we are not used to them back home," American Rebecca says, adding seeing locals around her in masks the last few days has made her feel worried. "I am in your country, so I should adapt to your culture, but I will never be a fan of face masks." Amid the stigma and dismal atmosphere at popular tourist attractions, some foreigners are considering leaving the country, but the big question is to where. Briton Chris Morrison arrived in Hanoi last month, but now with his country recording around 2,000 cases, returning home would not be ideal. "Going back means I face a 99 percent infection risk because people there are not fully aware of the coronavirus' danger." Flying to and from Vietnam has become challenging amid the pandemic. Vietnam Airlines on Tuesday to France. It has also suspended flights to Malaysia until the end of March, and plans to stop more Southeast Asian services. Other foreigners fear public transport could spread the disease. Polish man Mikala and his friend last week canceled plans to travel to Thailand as the number of confirmed cases there approached 200, including several airport workers, three times the number in Vietnam. "Who wants to get on a plane with a host of strangers now? I would rather stay here until my visa expires," the 34-year old says while looking for face masks on Nguyen Hue Street in HCMC. But not all foreigners have faced discrimination. British man Victor Luby says since the outbreak he has been riding his motorbike around Hanoi and having beers at local restaurants, and not once has he been shunned. When the 51-year old teacher was in a park the other day, random children walked up and talked to him, and people still smiled and said hello as usual. Luby and several others have taken to social media to urge everyone to show understanding in this difficult time. "This country is the best country I've traveled to. They are the friendliest, most hospitable people I have ever met in my life." Other tourists say they will come back to Vietnam later when the virus is gone, when "people can smile with others without layers of masks covering their faces," as British tourist Clayton says. But Vil, the American in Hanoi, says that as much as he likes Vietnam, he might consider leaving if the discrimination persists. "I want to be in Vietnam, but I don’t want to be treated less than equal."
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/hcmc-shuts-down-bars-karaoke-parlors-in-covid-19-fight-4069460.html|&nbspMarch 15, 2020 10:16 am GMT+7|HCMC shuts down bars, karaoke parlors in Covid-19 fight|HCMC is shutting down all discos, bars, beer clubs, karaoke parlors, massage parlors, movie theaters and internet cafes from Sunday 6 p.m. onwards. The closure will affect almost 700 establishments as the city takes measures to prevent and control the spread of the Covid-19 epidemic. The suspension order was signed Saturday evening by HCMC's standing Vice Chairman Le Thanh Liem following proposals by the city's culture and health departments as well as recommendations by the Steering Committee on the prevention and control of the Covid-19 epidemic. HCMC's decision came shortly after a similar one issued by District 1 chairman Nguyen Van Dung, which required all movie theaters, massage parlors, karaoke parlors, bars, beer clubs and discos in the district, as well as hotels and restaurants that also provide these services, to stop operating from 6 p.m. Saturday. Dung told that his district had made the decision ahead of the city-wide one as a large amount of such establishments are concentrated in District 1. Additionally, the district has a large population with many tourist accommodation establishments, so the risk of the disease spreading was very high. As of Saturday evening, HCMC had recorded four Covid-19 patients, including a 24-year-old woman returning from London, two Saigon residents who’d come into contact with a patient from central Binh Thuan Province, and a 53-year-old Czech citizen who had come into contact with some Italian nationals in his home country before arriving in HCMC last Tuesday. Overall, Vietnam has confirmed 53 Covid-19 cases so far, including 16 who’d been discharged weeks ago. The nation had gone for 22 days without a new infection before a 26-year-old woman returning from London March 2 tested positive for the novel coronavirus on March 6. The Covid-19 pandemic has spread to 151 countries and territories, with the death toll climbing to over 5,800.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/vietnam-covid-19-tally-up-by-five-to-66-4070540.html|&nbspMarch 17, 2020 07:43 pm GMT+7|Vietnam Covid-19 tally up by five to 66|Two Hanoi students returning from Britain and three HCMC residents were confirmed Covid-19 positive Tuesday, taking the nation’s total to 66 infections. "Patient 62" is a 18-year-old resident of Hanoi’s Hoan Kiem District, who landed at the Van Don Airport in Quang Ninh Province Monday on a Vietnam Airlines flight. He is now hospitalized at the Vietnam-Sweden Hospital in the northern province’s Uong Bi Town. "Patient 63," 20, another Hanoi resident, stays at the Mandarin Garden apartment building in Cau Giay District. She landed at the Noi Bai International Airport from Britain on Thai Airways flight TG564 last Sunday. She is being treated at the National Hospital for Tropical Diseases in Hanoi's Dong Anh District. "Patient 64," 36, lives on Nguyen Thi Tan Street in Ward 2 of HCMC’s District 8. She flew back from Switzerland and transited in Dubai before landing at the Tan Son Nhat Airport on Emirates flight EK392 on March 12 along with her boyfriend, who had traveled to Hong Kong. On Monday, she was taken to a medical center in District 8 for quarantine and after her samples tested Covid-19 positive, she was admitted to the HCMC Hospital for Tropical Diseases. "Patient 65" is a 28-year-old woman resident of Go Vap District’s Ward 17 who works for TOTO Vietnam Co. Ltd at 1A Pham Ngoc Thach, Ben Nghe Ward in HCMC’s District 1. On March 7 and 10, she had worked directly with two men who tested positive last week in the city. She started to feel fatigued on the morning of March 10 and isolated herself at home the next day. She was sent to a medical camp in District 8 on March 13 and is now under quarantine and treatment at the city’s field hospital in Cu Chi District. "Patient 66", 21, is a resident of the Park View apartment building at 107 Nguyen Duc Canh in HCMC's District 7. On March 14, she traveled from the U.S. to Toronto, Canada, transiting in Taiwan and arrived in Vietnam Monday on Eva Air flight BR395. While she did not show any Covid-19 symptoms on entering Vietnam, she tested positive the same day. HCMC authorities have locked down two alleys, one on District 8’s Nguyen Thi Tan Street and the other, Alley 248 on Pham Ngu Lao Street, and Park View building. Several houses near the two alleys have also been placed in quarantine and those who have been in direct contact with the two patients have had their samples taken for testing. With the latest additions, Vietnam has recorded 66 Covid-infections, 50 of them active, with 18 foreigners among them. The previous 16 patients were discharged weeks ago. On Monday alone, Vietnam had recorded four new novel coronavirus infections - a local man returning from Malaysia, a Vietnamese student, a Vietnam Airlines flight attendant and a French tourist. As of Tuesday, 13 out of 63 provinces and cities in Vietnam have recorded Covid-19 cases. Of the top five localities, Hanoi has the biggest number of infections (16), followed by Vinh Phuc Province (11, all discharged), Binh Thuan (nine), HCMC (11, three discharged) and Quang Ninh (five). The Covid-19 outbreak has so far spread to 162 countries and territories, with the death toll climbing to over 7,400.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/saigon-works-hard-to-keep-covid-19-cases-below-100-4070511.html|&nbspMarch 17, 2020 04:00 pm GMT+7|Saigon works hard to keep Covid-19 cases below 100|Saigon is prepared for the worst in the fight against Covid-19 and would not let the number of cases exceed 100, its leader assured. The pandemic could last at least a few more months or even years according to experts, making its trajectory difficult to predict, HCMC's Communist Party Secretary Nguyen Thien Nhan said at a meeting with the National Steering Committee for Covid-19 Prevention and Control Monday. Vietnam's largest city has set up quarantines for around 3,000 people and plans more to accommodate over 20,000, he said. Doctors are getting familiar with protocols to help take care of 1,000-1,400 people, and more equipment like beds and ventilators would be installed to accommodate the increasing number of those who need medical care, he said. "The city's goal is to detect and quarantine infection cases promptly, not letting the number of infection cases go above 100. This will not be easy but if we keep doing it relentlessly, we will be able to contain the epidemic," Nhan said. People should also "share the burden" with others who are affected by this epidemic, like students who cannot go to class or people losing their salaries, he exhorted. "Let's accept that each of us will earn a little less and share the burden with businesses. To expect that our lives and earnings to be the same as before is impossible." Fighting the disease and keeping the socio-economy afloat must be done simultaneously, he said. The southern metropolis has so far had eight diagnosed cases, of whom three people have been discharged. Each patient has led to an average of 280 others who had contact with them being quarantined. All five active cases, including a 33-year-old Latvian man from Spain who landed in Saigon on March 8 before testing positive on March 15, had been in contact with flights and people coming from outside Vietnam, Nguyen Tan Binh, director of the Saigon Department of Health, said. "We would try to test and categorize all visitors from outbreak areas entering Saigon. This process will effectively prevent community spread," Binh said. He added that the city has enough funds to operate 20 negative-pressure rooms for isolation in Cu Chi and Can Gio Districts on the outskirts. Nguyen Thanh Phong, Chairman of the city People's Committee, said hotels have to work with the Department of Tourism to create quarantine zones, and the Department of Industry and Trade has to ensure there are enough masks for people to wear in public. Vietnam has so far had 61 patients, of whom 16 have recovered. Among those currently in hospital, two, a 69-year-old British man and a 64-year-old Vietnamese woman, both in Hanoi, are in critical condition. The Covid-19 outbreak has thus far spread to 162 countries and territories around the world, with the death toll climbing to over 7,100.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/vietnam-brings-number-of-covid-19-suspects-down-to-1-month-low-4085551.html|&nbspApril 16, 2020 12:14 pm GMT+7|Vietnam brings number of Covid-19 suspects down to 1-month low|There were 310 suspected Covid-19 patients in quarantine on Thursday morning, the lowest figure in nearly a month. The Ministry of Health said this was the first time in 26 days the number of people classified as potential carriers had dropped to around 300. It had been more than 1,600 on Wednesday, the lowest in 20 days. Those deemed Covid-19 suspects are people who came into close contact with patients or returned from outbreak areas, and have symptoms like cough, fever and shortness of breath. They are quarantined in hospitals spealized in Covid-19 treatment. Rapid testing has allowed medical workers to identify suspected cases in the community. Many public hospitals and some private ones have been authorized to carry out the tests. The highest number of suspected cases since the pandemic broke out in the country in late January was on April 1 when there were 4,617. As of Thursday morning in Hanoi over 1,100 people are being quarantined at centralized facilities for coming from infected areas or having had close contact with patients, while 11,000 others are being monitored in the capital city. In HCMC more than 200 people are in quarantine camps and nearly 200 are quarantined at home. The government announced on Wednesday that would continue until April 22 in Hanoi, HCMC and 10 other localities deemed to be at high risk - Lao Cai, Quang Ninh, Bac Ninh, and Ninh Binh provinces in the north; Da Nang City and Quang Nam, Binh Thuan, Khanh Hoa, and Ha Tinh provinces in the central region; and Tay Ninh Province in the south. Vietnam’s Covid-19 count as of Thursday was 268, with 97 people still in hospitals. The remaining 171 have been discharged. Most of the patients under treatment are in stable condition, with 13 testing negative for the new coronavirus once and eight twice. Three are in critical condition, and require ventilators and blood filtration. The pandemic has claimed over 134,300 lives and spread to 210 countries and territories.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/experts-credit-vietnam-s-effective-covid-19-fight-to-strong-early-response-4085481.html|&nbspApril 16, 2020 10:56 am GMT+7|Experts credit Vietnam's effective Covid-19 fight to strong, early response|Vietnam's robust response and its strong public health system have enabled its success in combating the Covid-19 pandemic, health experts said. "There are so many different factors that go into it," Barbara Marston, the Covid-19 International Task Force Lead at the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), said at a telephonic conference on Wednesday. "It could be partly ecological, but they are certainly related to the quality of responses, and I think Vietnam has had a very strong response." She was responding to a reporter asking about the low numbers of infection cases in Vietnam. As of Thursday morning Vietnam has had 268 cases, 97 of them active and no deaths. In comparison, some of its Southeast Asian neighbors have reported thousands of cases. The Philippines has had over 5,400 cases and 349 deaths, Malaysia, over 5,000 cases and 83 deaths, and Indonesia, over 5,100 cases and 469 deaths. Southeast Asia as a whole has had over 22,000 cases so far. Since the novel coronavirus was first spotted in the country in January, Vietnam has taken a number of measures to detect new infections and contain them. They include letting people work and study from home, closing its borders, stopping visa issuance, closing down non-essential businesses, and, recently, a nationwide social distancing campaign that required people to stay at home and not more than two people congregating in public. The campaign, which initially lasted from April 1 to April 15, has now been with high risk of Covid-19 infection, including Hanoi and Saigon. CDC Thailand country director John MacArthur said: "The public health system in Vietnam is very strong. The government at the highest level took this seriously, and has really taken a whole-of-government approach to the response, and I think that is why we’re seeing some successes in Vietnam." Vietnam was also open to inputs from outside technical advisors such as WHO and academic partners, and took on board advice from experts, he said. "They developed evidence-based guidelines, and so they looked at what was being recommended by CDC, they looked at what was being recommended by WHO, they looked at what was happening within their own country, and adopted sort of those more global guidelines to be more specific to Vietnam based on the data." He also said Vietnam's numbers regarding the Covid-19 situation are true, he said. "We're seeing some successes (in fighting Covid-19) in Vietnam." The global death toll has jumped to over 134,600 as the pandemic spread to 210 countries and territories.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/business/companies/vietjet-air-suspends-asean-flights-as-covid-19-fears-escalate-4071145.html|&nbspMarch 18, 2020 03:28 pm GMT+7|Vietjet Air suspends ASEAN flights as Covid-19 fears escalate|Vietjet Air will temporarily halt all flights from Vietnam to major Southeast Asian countries starting Friday as a Covid-19 safety measure. The budget carrier will suspend all flights to and from Thailand, Malaysia, Cambodia, Myanmar and Indonesia. The carrier’s decision followed the Vietnamese government ordering all those coming from the U.S., Europe and Southeast Asian nations to be quarantined in medical camps for 14 days. The Covid-19 pandemic has worsened in Southeast Asia, Malaysia being the worst-hit country in the region with 673 infections and two deaths. National flag carrier Vietnam Airlines to and from France and Malaysia, starting Wednesday. The carrier is also considering cutting down flights to other Southeast Asian destinations depending on how the pandemic develops in the region. Vietjet Air and Vietnam Airlines are two carries in the country with many Southeast Asian connections, with multiple flights to different cities each day. The government had also said that Vietnam will starting Wednesday. Vietnam has recorded 68 Covid-19 infections so far, 52 of them detected since March 6, prior to which the nation had gone 22 days without a new case. The previous 16 patients have been discharged from hospitals. The Covid-19 pandemic has spread to 165 countries and territories, claiming nearly 8,000 lives.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/sports/football/national-football-league-postponed-due-to-covid-19-pandemic-4069198.html|&nbspMarch 14, 2020 04:00 pm GMT+7|National football league postponed due to Covid-19 pandemic|The first two rounds of V. League 2 have been postponed for safety reasons amidst the novel coronavirus pandemic. The Vietnam Football Jointstock Company (VPF) said that after seeking permission from the Vietnam Football Federation (VFF), they have decided to postpone the first two rounds of V. League 2, the second football league division in Vietnam. Previously, the VPF had announced that V. League 2 games for March 14, 15 and 16 will be played behind closed doors. But when the Department of Sports and Physical Training gave out an official dispatch requesting the postponement of all domestic sport events slated for March, the VPF complied. An adjusted schedule for the start of V. League 2's new season will be announced by VPF by the end of March. V. League 2 2020 will have 22 rounds with the participation of 12 clubs. The champion of the tournament will be promoted to V. League 1, while the runner up will play a playoff against the 13th placed team in V. League 1. The bottom placed team will be relegated to the lower division. For the first division V. League, the Department of Sports and Physical Training is still to announce a final decision. At the moment, V. League 1 will still continue to play its second round matches from March 13 to 15. All the matches will be played without spectators, just like the first round that kicked off on March 6.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/teen-girl-near-china-border-vietnam-s-latest-covid-19-patient-4085193.html|&nbspApril 16, 2020 06:41 am GMT+7|Teen girl near China border Vietnam’s latest Covid-19 patient|A 16-year-old Hmong girl in the mountainous province of Ha Giang, which borders China, is Vietnam’s latest Covid-19 patient. "Patient 268" lives in a remote village in the province’s Dong Van District. She is the first Covid-19 case detected in Ha Giang so far. She has three brothers working as freelancers in China. She started to show Covid-19 symptoms of fever, cough and breathing difficulties on April 7 and was quarantined at the Dong Van District General Hospital. After her samples tested positive for the novel coronavirus, she was placed under treatment at the hospital. The teenager has brought the number of infections in Vietnam to 268, with 97 active cases and 171 discharged from hospitals. Most of the patients under treatment are in stable conditions, with 23 testing negative once and 10 twice. Of all the infections detected in Vietnam so far, 160 cases or 59.7 percent contracted the virus overseas and the rest were infected among their communities. On Wednesday, it was decided that the in Hanoi, HCMC and 10 other localities deemed to be at high risk of Covid-19 spreading - Lao Cai, Quang Ninh, Bac Ninh, and Ninh Binh provinces in the north; Da Nang City and the provinces of Quang Nam, Binh Thuan, Khanh Hoa and Ha Tinh in the central region; and Tay Ninh Province in the south. The global Covid-19 death toll has jumped to 134,300 in 210 countries and territories.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/saigon-man-is-vietnam-s-48th-covid-19-patient-4069204.html|&nbspMarch 14, 2020 11:45 am GMT+7|Saigon man is Vietnam's 48th Covid-19 patient|A 31-year-old man in Saigon has tested positive for the novel coronavirus after sharing a car with an infected person and meeting with another. The latest patient, the third active case in HCMC and Vietnam's 48th, resides in District 10. He and a 25-year-old man living in Tan Binh District, who was confirmed positive for the coronavirus Friday night, had met a businesswoman in the central province of Binh Thuan on March 3. On March 11, after the 51-year-old woman was confirmed positive for Covid-19, the 31-year-old man was asked to be quarratined at home. On March 13, he was sent to a health center in District 10 for further quaratining and his samples taken for Covid-19 tests. He had no symptoms then and his health remained stable. Test results that came out Friday night from the city's Hospital of Tropical Diseases showed he was Covid-19 positive. The samples were then transferred to the Pasteur Institute in Ho Chi Minh City Saturday for a double check and he was reconfirmed infected Saturday morning. The Binh Thuan businesswoman had flown from Ho Chi Minh City to New York on February 22, transiting at the Incheon International Airport in South Korea for three hours. On February 29, she flew back from Washington D.C., transiting at the Doha International Airport in Qatar. She landed at the Tan Son Nhat Airport in HCMC on March 2 and took a car home to the resort town of Phan Thiet in Binh Thuan. On March 5, she developed high fever and a cough. Four days later, she was admitted to the Binh Thuan General Hospital and placed under quarantine pending Covid-19 tests. She was confirmed positive on March 10. She has spread the virus to at least eight people, two of whom spread it to two others. So far, Binh Thuan has recorded nine infection cases, making it the worst hit locality in the country. Vietnam is treating 32 Covid-19 patients, including 11 foreigners. The country had earlier discharged 16 patients from hospital.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/two-covid-19-patients-in-vietnam-critically-ill-4069966.html|&nbspMarch 16, 2020 01:31 pm GMT+7|Two Covid-19 patients in Vietnam critically ill|A British man and a Vietnamese woman infected with the novel coronavirus have been put on ventilators after their condition worsened despite treatment. The 69-year-old British man, currently being treated at the National Hospital of Tropical Diseases in Hanoi, had several underlying conditions, including diabetes and hypertension, and also became feverish Sunday afternoon, the Health Ministry said. He was moved to the hospital’s Intensive Care Unit (ICU) Monday. A team of quick-response doctors from the Bach Mai Hospital were sent to the National Hospital of Tropical Diseases Sunday afternoon to help treat the man. Besides using a ventilator, the patient also had his blood directly filtered, the ministry said. A Vietnamese woman in Hanoi is another Covid-19 patient whose condition has worsened, requiring a ventilator and blood filtration. The 64-year-old woman, also staying at the National Hospital of Tropical Diseases, was suffering from vestibular disorder as an underlying condition. She experienced breathing difficulties that escalated into respiratory failure Sunday night. Doctors have inserted a breathing tube and used a ventilator, among other measures, to help stabilize her. She has been transfered to the ICU and her pulse, blood pressure and blood oxygen levels are currently stable. The British man was among several confirmed infections on Vietnam Airlines flight VN54 that flew from London and landed in Hanoi on March 2. He was confirmed infected on March 8. The Vietnamese woman was diagnosed on March 7. She is an aunt of 26-year-old Nguyen Hong Nhung, Vietnam's 17th and Hanoi's first Covid-19 patient who was on the same VN54 flight. Vietnam has confirmed 57 Covid-19 infection cases so far, with 16 already discharged from hospitals. Among the active cases, 17 are foreigners. At least two British and one Vietnamese patients have tested negative for the virus at least once. The two Brits are undergoing treatment at the Da Nang Hospital. They tested negative for the virus on March 10 after testing positive on March 8. The 27-year-old Vietnamese patient, convalescing at the Ninh Binh General Hospital after coming back from South Korea's epidemic center Daegu, tested negative for the virus on March 15, a week after being diagnosed with the virus. Pham Ngoc Thach, director of the National Hospital of Tropical Diseases, said elderly people, especially those with chronic conditions like diabetes, hypertension or cardiovascular diseases, may have more severe symptoms when infected with the Covid-19 virus compared to those with no underlying conditions. They also have a higher risk of transitioning to a quicker, more severe disease progression, which could result in respiratory failure, he added. Globally, elderly people are the most represented among all Covid-19 patients, as well as having the highest fatality rates. The Covid-19 outbreak has thus far spread to 157 countries and territories around the world, with the death toll climbing to over 6,500.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/vietnam-records-single-day-drop-of-200-covid-19-suspects-4069181.html|&nbspMarch 14, 2020 11:12 am GMT+7|Vietnam records single day drop of 200 Covid-19 suspects|The number of people suspected to have contracted the novel coronavirus in Vietnam dropped by 200 against Thursday to 94 on Friday night. Of the 94, 86 had entered quarantine Friday, and all of them are now in hospitals, the Public Health Emergency Operations Center (PHEOC) announced. Vietnam defines suspected infections as those who return from stricken areas or have had direct contact with returnees from stricken areas and show symptoms of the Covid-19, the disease caused by the new coronavirus. Those classifed as suspects must be quarantined at hospitals specialized for Covid-19 treatment and tested twice for the virus. Aside from quarantining suspects, Vietnam has placed many others under medical monitoring - those entering Vietnam from virus-hit areas or have met with infected people but have not showed any Covid-19 symptoms. These people are routinely checked at entry ports before being sent to medical camps for a 14-day monitoring. Some people with low infection risks are quarantined at home, monitored and checked by local medical staff every day. Anyone showing signs of Covid-19 symptoms like coughing or fever will then be placed in hospital quarantine. If they test negative for the coronavirus, they will undergo additional monitoring at home or a medical camp. As of Saturday morning, there were more than 27,000 people placed under medical monitoring, more than half of them quarantined at home. Vietnam has so far recorded , after the country had gone 22 days without any new infection. Previously, 16 patients had recovered and been discharged from hospitals. The Covid-19 outbreak has thus far spread to 145 countries and territories, killing more than 5,400 people.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/business/aia-creates-1-1-million-support-package-for-covid-19-frontline-warriors-4084204.html|&nbspApril 15, 2020 04:12 pm GMT+7|AIA creates $1.1 million support package for Covid-19 frontline warriors|Insurance firm AIA Vietnam handed over VND25 billion ($1.1 million) to the Vietnam Fatherland Front Central Committee last Friday in support to Vietnam's battle against the coronavirus epidemic.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/phu-quoc-forbids-foreigners-after-latvian-tests-covid-19-positive-4070126.html|&nbspMarch 16, 2020 04:43 pm GMT+7|Phu Quoc forbids foreigners after Latvian tests Covid-19 positive|Vietnam's largest island Phu Quoc temporarily suspended receiving foreigners, closing all bars and restaurants after a Latvian tested positive for Covid-19 Sunday. Mai Van Huynh, chairman of Phu Quoc District, said Duong Dong night market, a major Phu Quoc attraction, suspended operation while all bars, restaurants, karaoke parlors and massage services were shut to contain the spreading epidemic. Authorities further called on local inhabitants to stay calm. Phu Quoc has arranged a 100-bed isolation area at an army barracks in Duong To Commune and is planning a 1,000-bed field hospital in Cua Can Commune, Huynh said, adding all foreign tourists were barred from visiting the island until further notice. According to the island’s medical center, overseen by Kien Giang Province, 210 people had contact with the Latvian man, 33, confirmed the country’s 54th Covid-19 patient. Doctor Le Cong Linh, director of Phu Quoc Health Center, said 166 passengers on flights from HCMC to Phu Quoc and vice versa had come in contact with the patient. In addition, the Latvian tourist also communicated with 32 staff at a hotel where he and his wife stayed during their five-day holiday in Phu Quoc, having contacting with 12 airport employees and border gate officers. "At present, local authorities have searched for and isolated over 70 people, currently in stable condition," Linh said. Authorities are continuing to look for the remaining contacts. The hotel where the patient stayed has been shut and disinfected. Phu Quoc medical center is quarantining 40 other people, including 17 foreign tourists. The Latvian and his wife had arrived in HCMC on March 8 from Spain on Turkish Airways flight TK162. The couple traveled to Phu Quoc, and stayed until March 13. They returned to HCMC and stayed at a hotel on District 1’s Bui Vien Street and another in District 4. On March 14, the husband developed a fever and visited the city's Hospital of Tropical Diseases, where he was quarantined and received treatment. Vietnam has confirmed 57 Covid-19 infections so far, with 16 already discharged from hospital. Among the 41 active cases, 17 are foreigners. The Covid-19 outbreak has thus far spread to 158 countries and territories, with the death toll climbing to over 6,500.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/vietnam-gifts-russia-150-000-masks-to-aid-covid-19-fight-4084386.html|&nbspApril 14, 2020 12:30 pm GMT+7|Vietnam gifts Russia 150,000 masks to aid Covid-19 fight|Vietnam has gifted Russia 150,000 antibacterial masks to assist the nation’s ongoing Covid-19 fight, the Foreign Affairs Ministry said Monday.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/vietnam-jails-two-men-for-assaulting-covid-19-task-force-members-4084868.html|&nbspApril 15, 2020 11:32 am GMT+7|Vietnam jails two men for assaulting Covid-19 task force members|Two men were sentenced to prison Tuesday for assaulting Covid-19 task force members who asked them to wear face masks.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/foreigners-must-pay-for-covid-19-treatment-in-vietnam-pm-4069227.html|&nbspMarch 14, 2020 05:00 pm GMT+7|Foreigners must pay for Covid-19 treatment in Vietnam: PM|Foreigners in Vietnam must pay for their own treatment if they are Covid-19 positive, Prime Minister Nguyen Xuan Phuc said at a cabinet meeting Friday. However, they will not have to pay for being quarantined and tested, he said. for Covid-19 infection. People in places where many gather (over 100) must wear face masks to prevent possible infection, and industries must provide enough masks for the people. Airports and border gates must have enough masks for people who wish to enter Vietnam, the premier noted. He said essential goods should be provided to people at reasonable prices, and shops can remain open until 11 p.m. to provide them. "Vietnam has enough capabilities, resources, experiences and the will to prevent Covid-19. For the health of the people, we are willing to sacrifice short-term economic interests," Phuc added. Vietnam has confirmed 49 Covid-19 infection cases so far. Thirty three new infections have been recorded over the past week, including 11 foreigners. All 16 previous patients were discharged and the nation had gone more than three weeks without a new infection.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/three-more-european-tourists-test-covid-19-positive-4069739.html|&nbspMarch 15, 2020 11:06 pm GMT+7|Three more European tourists test Covid-19 positive|Vietnam’s 55th, 56th and 57th coronavirus patients are a 35-year-old German and two Brits, one 30 and the other 66, all male. "Patient 55", the German, came in on Vietnam Airlines flight VN0018 from Paris to Hanoi Saturday. He tested positive the next day at the Hanoi Center for Disease Control. While the patient undergoes treatment, all the people who he’d come into close contact with are being tracked to be taken to the National Hospital of Tropical Diseases in Hanoi’s Dong Anh District for quarantining. "Patient 56" traveled on a flight from the U.K. to Hanoi's Noi Bai airport on March 9. He met two British women and stayed at the Hanoi Paradise Center Hotel on Hang Voi Street, Hoan Kiem District. He traveled to the northern highlands town of Sa Pa and stayed there from March 10-13. He was staying at Oriental Suiter Hotel on Hanoi’s Hang Dao Street, Hoan Kiem District on returning to the capital city on March 13. Shortly after "Patient 56" checked into the hotel, the people’s committee of Hang Dao Ward had decided to place him in quarantine. On Saturday evening, test results showed he was Covid-19 positive. He is being treated at the Hospital of Tropical Diseases and is in stable health. "Patient 57" was on Vietnam Airlines flight VN54 from London that landed in Hanoi on March 9. This was the flight on which "Patient 46" was a flight attendant. The British man, 66, is now being quarantined and treated in the central province of Quang Nam. Earlier Sunday, HCMC had confirmed its eighth Covid-19 infection, a Latvian tourist, who became "Patient 54." With the latest additions, Vietnam has 41 active Covid-19 patients, including 17 foreigners. The previous 16 patients have been discharged. The Covid-19 outbreak has thus far spread to 156 countries and territories around the world, with the death toll climbing to over 6,000.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/three-new-covid-19-infections-detected-in-central-vietnam-4067820.html|&nbspMarch 11, 2020 06:12 pm GMT+7|Three new Covid-19 infections detected in central Vietnam|A helper, an employee and a daughter-in-law of a businesswoman who tested Covid-19 positive after returning from the U.S. are Vietnam’s latest infections. With the latest three cases in the central province of Binh Thuan, the country's total infection number has gone up to 38, the Ministry of Health confirmed Wednesday. After the 51-year-old businesswoman, the country's 34th infection, tested positive, the Center for Disease Control in Binh Thuan took samples from 15 people who’d come into direct contact with her. Three tested positive for the novel coronavirus. The three latest cases are: a 64-year-old house helper for the patient's family, a 37-year-old employee of her company and her 28-year-old daughter-in-law. All three showed symptoms of fever and cough and are being quarantined at the Binh Thuan's General Hospital. The businesswoman had flown from Ho Chi Minh City to New York on February 22, transiting at the Incheon International Airport in South Korea for three hours. On February 29, she flew back from Washington D.C., transiting at the Doha International Airport in Qatar. She landed at the Tan Son Nhat Airport in HCMC on March 2 and took a car home to the resort town of Phan Thiet in Binh Thuan. On March 5, she developed high fever and a cough. Four days later, she was admitted to the Binh Thuan General Hospital and placed under quarantine pending Covid-19 tests, and the results came back positive. As of Wednesday evening, Vietnam had reported 38 Covid-19 patients, 16 of them discharged weeks ago. The Covid-19 outbreak has thus far spread to 119 countries and territories around the world, killing 4,300 people.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/covid-19-moves-vietnam-suspends-entry-for-schengen-uk-arrivals-4069186.html|&nbspMarch 14, 2020 11:44 am GMT+7|Covid-19 moves: Vietnam suspends entry for Schengen, UK arrivals|Visitors coming from or going through the U.K. and Schengen area in the previous 14 days will be barred from entering Vietnam starting Sunday. The restriction will be in place for 30 days and does not apply to those entering the country for state affairs or other special matters, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs said. Vietnam has recorded 31 new infection cases over the past week, after discharging the previous 16 cases and going 22 days straight without new infection. Eleven of the new patients are foreigners - 10 British and one Irish. Many of the remaining active patients are those who'd come from Europe or had contact with them. The Vietnamese government's latest decision follows the World Health Organization (WHO) saying Europe is now the world's Covid-19 pandemic epicenter. Vietnam will also suspend granting visas at border gates, the government has decided. Foreigners who are experts, business managers and skilled workers wishing to enter Vietnam must undergo medical examination and follow anti-epidemic measures at enterprises and accommodation facilities in accordance with the Health Ministry’s regulations. The Schengen area is a border control-free travel zone comprising 26 European countries, which are Austria, Belgium, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Iceland, Italy, Latvia, Liechtenstein, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Sweden, and Switzerland. Vietnam earlier halted visa waivers for citizens of eight European countries: Denmark, Norway, Finland, Sweden, Germany, France, Spain, and the U.K. The country has also suspended its visa waiver for and . Starting March 7, everyone arriving in Vietnam from overseas will need to fill out health declaration forms and follow quarantine protocols if found carrying symptoms of the novel coronavirus. President Donald Trump has suspended all travel from Europe to the U.S. for 30 days starting Friday, except for U.S. citizens and travelers from the U.K, in response to the rapid spread of the coronavirus. The Covid-19 outbreak has thus far spread to 138 countries and territories around the world, with the death toll climbing to 5,400, including a record 250 deaths in one day reported in Italy.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/vietnamese-london-resident-is-32nd-covid-19-patient-4067042.html|&nbspMarch 10, 2020 12:33 pm GMT+7|Vietnamese London resident is 32nd Covid-19 patient|A 24-year-old woman who'd met Hanoi's first Covid-19 infection in London is infected with the novel coronavirus, the Health Ministry confirmed Tuesday. The woman, who lives in London, flew to Saigon in a private jet Monday and has been placed under treatment at HCMC Hospital of Tropical Diseases. The unnamed woman, Vietnam’s 32nd Covid-19 infection, had met Nguyen Hong Nhung in London on February 27. Nhung is the 26-year-old Hanoian who became the capital city’s first Covid-19 patient last Friday. On March 2, the unnamed woman developed a cough, but didn’t have a fever. She was admitted to a hospital in London for treatment. On March 7, she started coughing a lot, but still had no fever. After hearing about Nhung being infected with the novel coronavirus, she returned to the hospital and informed doctors about her contact history. The London hospital required her to be isolated at home but no Covid-19 test was done. The woman’s family then rented a private plane to fly her from London to Vietnam. The plane landed at the Tan Son Nhat International Airport at 8:15 a.m. Monday. Health authorities in Ho Chi Minh City quarantined her at the Cu Chi field hospital and took her samples for testing. The tests came back positive the same day. She still has a high fever and a severe cough, but suffers no breathing difficulty. Vietnam now has 16 active Covid-19 infections, including the latest case. Nhung had flown to Hanoi from London on Vietnam Airlines flight VN54, in the business class, on March 2. There were 201 passengers on the flight, including 21 in the business class. Eleven people on the same flight, 10 of them foreigners, have tested Covid-19 positive. Nhung's personal chauffeur and an aunt have also been infected. The Covid-19 outbreak has thus far spread to 113 countries and territories around the world, killing over 4,000.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/vietnam-tags-110-new-covid-19-suspects-in-one-day-4067059.html|&nbspMarch 10, 2020 04:19 pm GMT+7|Vietnam tags 110 new Covid-19 suspects in one day|Vietnam has 210 people tagged on suspicion of contracting the novel coronavirus as of Tuesday morning, up 110 from the day before. The number of new suspects since early March has ranged from 70 to 100 cases a day. A suspected person shows symptoms of cough, fever or shortness of breath, and has a history of travel from or through epidemic-stricken areas or has had come into close contact with an infected patient. Suspected persons are subject to compulsory isolation in hospitals specialized in treating Covid-19. As of Tuesday, the country had 20,075 people placed under medical monitoring, either at home, military camps or certain general hospitals, up nearly 2,000 against the previous day. Most of these people are in the major cities of Hanoi, HCMC, Da Nang and Can Tho. Vietnam had gone 22 days without any new infection until 26-year-old Nguyen Hong Nhung was confirmed positive last Friday, making her Hanoi’s first Covid-19 patient and the country's 17th. Vietnam has since recorded 16 new infection cases, all but one related to Nhung. Nhung had flown to Hanoi from London on Vietnam Airlines flight VN54, in the business class, on March 2. There were 201 passengers on the flight, including 21 in the business class. 12 people on the same flight, 11 of them foreigners, have tested Covid-19 positive. Nhung's personal chauffeur and an aunt have also been infected. A 24-year-old Vietnamese woman is infected with the novel coronavirus, the Health Ministry confirmed Tuesday, after she arrived in Vietnam on a private jet. The Covid-19 outbreak has thus far spread to 115 countries and territories around the world, killing over 4,000.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/sports/hanoi-f1-race-canceled-as-covid-19-races-ahead-4069018.html|&nbspMarch 13, 2020 09:06 pm GMT+7|Hanoi F1 race canceled as Covid-19 races ahead|Organizers of Vietnam’s first ever F1 race have canceled the event, originally scheduled to be held on April 3-5, as the Covid-19 epidemic shows no signs of abating. Vietnam Grand Prix Limited Liability Company (VGPC) said Friday that it came to the decision in view of the continued global spread of novel coronavirus and after discussions with Formula One World Championship Ltd – the holder of copyrights and licenses for Formula 1, the Federation Internationale de l’Automobile (FIA), Hanoi People’s Committe and the Vietnamese Motorsports Association (VMA). "VGPC will continue to work closely with Formula 1, the FIA, the Hanoi People’s Committee and the VMA to monitor the situation and will look to announce an alternative date and provide a further update for our ticket purchasers, sponsors and partners in due course," it saod. The F1 race in Australia was canceled Friday morning and the one in Vietnam, set to happen in Hanoi's My Dinh area, has followed suit for the same reason. A member of England’s racing team McLaren tested positive for the novel coronavirus Thursday, pushing the entire team into quarantine for two weeks. The fourth F1 Grand Prix, scheduled for two weeks after the event in Vietnam, was also canceled on February 12. Vietnam has recorded 31 new infections over the past week, according to the Health Ministry, after going 22 days with no new infections. Previously, all 16 Covid-19 patients had recovered and been discharged from hospitals. The Covid-19 outbreak has thus far spread to 127 countries and territories, killing nearly 5,000 people.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/national-covid-19-count-goes-up-to-265-with-three-new-cases-4084125.html|&nbspApril 13, 2020 06:28 pm GMT+7|National Covid-19 count goes up to 265 with three new cases|The Health Ministry confirmed three new Covid-19 infections Monday evening, two from Hanoi’s Ha Loi Village and the third a returnee from Thailand. The number of active cases is currently 120 after the discharge of 145 Covid-19 patients. The two new patients take Ha Loi Village’s infection tally to 12, all of whom are still under treatment. The village has become the second Covid-19 hotspot in the capital city after the Bach Mai Hospital, which came out of a fortnight-long lockdown Sunday. "Patient 263" is a 45-year-old resident of Ha Loi who developed a fever, sore throat, dry cough and fatigue on March 25. Her samples were taken on April 11 and she was admitted to the National Hospital for Tropical Diseases in Hanoi after testing positive. "Patient 264", 24, is also a resident of Ha Loi Village who had her samples taken on April 11 and is being treated at the same hospital as "Patient 263." "Patient 265", 26, who hails from the central province of Ha Tinh had returned March 23 to Vietnam from Thailand via the Cha Lo border gate in the central province of Quang Binh. He was quarantined on arrival at a facility in Thach Ha District, Ha Tinh Province. His samples were tested on April 8 and April 12 before he was confirmed Covid-19 positive. He is being treated at the Cau Treo Hospital in Ha Tinh. Ha Loi Village with its 1,000 or so residents was placed under a lockdown on April 7 after three villagers contracted the virus. Hanoi leads the nation in the number of Covid-19 cases with 127 recorded so far, of whom 58 have been discharged. Ho Chi Minh City takes the second spot with 54 cases and 40 discharges. Globally, the Covid-19 death toll has risen to more than 114,000 in 210 countries and territories.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/colombian-man-caught-after-escaping-covid-19-quarantine-in-hoi-an-4083852.html|&nbspApril 13, 2020 01:01 pm GMT+7|Colombian man caught after escaping Covid-19 quarantine in Hoi An|A Colombian man who escaped from a Covid-19 quarantine facility in Quang Nam Saturday was caught early Monday. Leyson Smith Santamaria Orjuela had escaped from the quarantine facility in the central province just a day after he was taken there. Orjuela, 22, is a vagrant and had overstayed his temporary visa in Vietnam since February 22, said the Quang Nam Steering Committee on the Prevention and Control of Covid-19. He was found by authorities and taken to a quarantine zone at a resort in Hoi An on April 10, the committee said. He later tested negative for the novel coronavirus. In the central province, around 157 people are currently isolated in medical facilities and around 5,000 in their homes. Vietnam has confirmed 262 Covid-19 cases so far, 118 of whom are active cases. Globally, the pandemic has spread to 210 countries and territories and death toll has risen to more than 114,200.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/68-pct-of-hanoi-covid-19-cases-have-no-or-few-symptoms-4084033.html|&nbspApril 13, 2020 04:59 pm GMT+7|68 pct of Hanoi Covid-19 cases have no or few symptoms|Some 68 percent of Covid-19 patients in Hanoi are either asymptomatic or have very mild symptoms, the Center for Disease Control said on Monday. Only a third of infections could be found if authorities rely just on clinical symptoms, Nguyen Nhat Cam, director of the Hanoi CDC, said, warning even asymptomatic people could spread the disease. "Monitoring and testing are vital in preventing Covid-19." Hanoi's strategy from the very beginning has been to detect and monitor cases early, including through performing Covid-19 tests, so that outbreaks could be extinguished quickly, he said. "Thanks to this strategy of actively collecting samples for testing, Hanoi has detected several sources of infection in the community such as in Ha Loi Village." Ha Loi, with nearly 11,000 residents, was placed under a lockdown on April 7 after at least three people tested positive for the virus. As of Monday morning at least 10 people in the village have been confirmed positive. The village has emerged as the second biggest hotspot in the capital after Bach Mai Hospital. The hospital, linked to at least 45 cases, went into a two-week lockdown, which was lifted on Sunday. Hanoi leads the nation in the number of Covid-19 cases, 125, of whom 58 have recovered and been discharged. The capital has performed mass rapid testing at several locations since March 31. Vietnam has had 262 confirmed cases, 117 of them active. The pandemic has so far spread to 210 countries and territories and claimed more than 114,300 lives.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/man-faces-criminal-charges-for-posting-fake-news-on-covid-19-death-4083130.html|&nbspApril 11, 2020 04:00 pm GMT+7|Man faces criminal charges for posting fake news on Covid-19 death|A Da Lat resident is being investigated for the crime of posting false information on his Facebook page about a Covid-19 death. Dinh Vinh Son, 27, a native of popular resort town Da Lat in the Central Highlands province of Lam Dong, is the first person in the country to face a criminal investigation for spreading rumors about the Covid-19 pandemic. Son, who has not been detained, is being investigated for "illegally posting or using information on computer networks and telecommunication networks," an offense that carries a maximum prison term of seven years. Investigators said that on April 1, Son used his Facebook account called ‘Ho Hoang Duy’ to post on a public group with 60,000 followers that Da Lat has reported three Covid-19 infections, with one of them dying at 4 a.m. and the other two being placed under quarantine. He added that the deceased patient lives on Da Phu Street and the other two were vendors in the Da Lat Market. The number of people in contact with these patients rose to 500, he said. "Please pay attention to not going out without necessity. The information is completely accurate. I’m not joking on April Fool's Day and I’m not posting such scrap news just to be fined," he said in his Facebook post. The post received a lot of shares, worrying people. A few hours later, Son removed the information and locked his account. Lam Dong has recorded no Covid-19 infections so far. No Covid-19 death has been reported in Vietnam until now. Son admitted to the police that he had a conflict with Ho Hoang Duy in Da Lat and had created a fake Facebook in that person’s name to post false information as an act of revenge. Since the Covid-19 pandemic broke out in Vietnam in late January, authorities have slapped fines of up to 15 million ($427- 641) on hundreds of individuals for posting fake news on the pandemic, under a decree on administrative violations on post and telecommunications, information technology and radio frequency regulations. In a latest case, a Vietnamese lawyer, Le Van Thiep, was fined VND8 million ($338) on Friday for insulting an infected female reporter in a Facebook post. To tighten control over the propagation of fake news, Hanoi police said they would launch criminal investigations that could lead to for those posting false Covid-19 information. Vietnam has so far recorded 257 infection cases, and has discharged 144 patients. The Covid-19 pandemic has claimed over 102,700 lives as it spread to 210 countries and territories.
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/news/in-italy-enough-wine-and-some-post-covid-19-dreams-4067762.html|&nbspMarch 12, 2020 01:37 pm GMT+7|In Italy, enough wine and some post Covid-19 dreams|Stella Vu thought she was dreaming. Her mind was full of plans to celebrate her husband's birthday. But, overnight, Piedmont was locked down. It was March 8, International Women’s Day. At around 2 a.m., when millions of citizens and residents were still fast asleep, Italian Prime Minister Giuseppe Conte issued the lockdown order. The Lombardy region, along with 14 provinces in northern regions Emilia Romagna, Marche, Veneto and Piedmont, would lock people in until April 3 as the Covid-19 outbreak swept through the country, infecting over 7,300 and killing 366 at that point in time. Actually, Vu, a Vietnamese woman married to an Italian, did feel a bit worried on her way home to hear that Italy was considering putting certain cities under a lockdown as the Covid-19 disease continues to spread. But she and her husband never thought that Domodossola City, where they live, would be included as well. "The news came faster than we could respond," said the 28-year-old woman. "I was stunned for a few seconds, and I thought I was dreaming," she said. Vu called her sister, who was studying in Turin City and then her mother in Vietnam to inform them of the situation. Her husband hurried to finish his leftover work before going with Vu to the supermarket for food. In the supermarket, instead of people shoving each other in order to buy and hoard stuff, the people were calm, said Vu. There was no rush for vegetables or toilet paper, and only around half the people bought more than usual, she noticed. The one noticeable change was that the supermarket employees had started wearing gloves. "Maybe it's because most Italians are elderly and might have not kept up with the news. Or because, while people were not allowed to get out of lockdown areas, they could still get around the city. I just reassured myself that staying in the lockdown zone isn't so bad; at least it would prevent me from getting into contact with people from outbreak areas." The first thing Trung Kien, a Vietnamese graduate in Milan, did the day the lockdown order came into effect was to visit the supermarket to stock up on necessities for the coming days. Several restaurants, bars and Asian supermarkets had closed down by then, with no notice on when they would reopen. Streets were a bit emptier than usual, but public transportation was still functioning, he said. One thing he was happy to note was that no one displayed any discriminatory attitude towards him, an Asian wearing a face mask. "They politely got in line in front of the cashier, and allowed those who bought fewer stuff to pay first," Kien said. "There was no food hoarding. Those who did buy a lot were mostly Asian, Chinese in particular. They bought dozens of water bottles, canned meat, vegetables, eggs and so on, filling their carts to the brim," he added. Face masks had also become a rare commodity where Kien lives, constantly out of stock for several weeks. Only one person could go into a pharmacy at a time, so as to prevent infection, so everyone had to line up, he said. "Compared to last week when only one in 10 people wore masks, there are three in 10 these days. People also wear scarves over their noses and mouth as well. Some wear their masks to cover their mouths, not noses," Kien added. Just 24 hours after the lockdown order, Italy recorded nearly 2,000 more infection cases, making it the second worst-hit country after mainland China, the disease's epicenter. The lockdown order was expanded nationwide Monday night until April 3, meaning everyone is advised to stay home and all transportation in the country is restricted. Kien found a silver lining, though. He felt safer, knowing that his building's cleaners are using disinfectants to clean doorknobs and other areas that humans touch frequently. There are around 900 Vietnamese students in Italy at the moment, said Pham Hung Vuong, president of the Vietnamese Student Council in Italy. Sixty live in Lombardy, mostly in major cities like Milan, Brescia, Pavia and Varese. For a fortnight now, many have stayed at home and studied online. Besides those having personal businesses in Italy, many Vietnamese have decided to return home instead. Schools with exchange students in Italy have also called for their students to return to Vietnam. "It's understandable. If someone has to go to the hospital, any student from a foreign country would have communication difficulties. The fees might be high as well," said Vuong. When Italy's first lockdown order was issued, many Vietnamese students in areas not yet affected by order had planned to return. But when it was expanded nationwide, they have been caught between a rock and a hard place. They have approached the council for help. Some who still want to go home did not know how to report their situation to Italian authorities and whether their request to go home would be approved. "People can only be allowed to move due to job or health-related reasons or when the situation absolutely calls for it. If you have a summoning letter from Vietnam, it should be translated to Italian," Vuong said. Vuong, who's in Venice, advised people to stay put, stock food and keep themselves updated with the latest news. He personally doesn't plan to return to Vietnam, partly because of his job, partly because the virus is a global problem and would not go away for a while. "Ever since the outbreak, the council has published official announcements on Facebook to inform students on preventive measures against the novel coronavirus. The Vietnamese Embassy in Italy has also created a hotline to support its Vietnamese citizens. No Vietnamese has been infected in Italy at the moment." Those who are staying behind are recommended to self-quarantine themselves and even if they test positive, treat themselves with advice given by the hospital. They have been asked to go to hospital only if the symptoms become severe. Businesses have been affected by the outbreak, of course. Stella Vu and her husband's winery has had several orders cancelled by foreign clients since February, with an advisory against travel to Italy. A restaurant and hotel that the couple runs has also suffered, like many other establishments in the city. Some restaurants have downed shutters as the number of customers aren't enough to meet their expenses. "When the lockdown came, people started to realize that this is more serious than they thought," said Vu, adding that employees have started to use scarves and gloves when interacting with customers. They have also been instructed not to hug or shake hands in greeting, she added. "The Italian government had to close down an entire region, and then the whole country, knowing that it would severely impact its economy. I just hope that people understand and abide by the rules to help control the disease," she said. Just a day before, her husband had bought some chicken to raise at home, as also vegetables to plant as temporary sustenance during the trying times. "At least we still have enough wine. And if we make it through this epidemic, a book about our experience in the lockdown zone just might be a bestseller."
https://e.vnexpress.net/news/business/pepsico-vietnam-prepares-food-medical-help-for-nation-s-covid-19-fight-4084919.html||PepsiCo Vietnam prepares food, medical help for nation’s Covid-19 fight|PepsiCo Vietnam has committed to provide over VND13.5 billion ($580,000) in aid for Covid-19 relief efforts across the country.
