4225994|https://www.foxnews.com/food-drink/burger-king-social-distance-crown|20200525_004003 - 25 mins ago|Burger King shows off oversized crown for social distancing|Get all the latest news on coronavirus and more delivered daily to your inbox. Sign up here. Now you can social distance and feel like royalty at the same time. As restaurants reopen, many are looking for ways to remind customers to maintain social distancing. While some establishments reduced the amount of seating available and painted markings on the floor to customers separated, one fast-food franchise had a different idea. Burger King recently tweeted out an image of two customers enjoying some burgers while using special Burger King crowns to stay safe. The oversized headgear reportedly extends far enough off of the wearer’s head to make sure that they stay 6 feet away from other customers. When a Twitter user asked where they could get one, Burger King informed them that these crowns were available to customers in Germany. PIZZA HUT GIVING AWAY 500,000 PIZZAS TO 2020'S GRADUATING SENIORS A spokesperson for Burger King told Business Insider, “We wanted to reenforce the rules of high safety and hygiene standards that the BK restaurants are following. The do-it-yourself social distance crown was a fun and playful way to remind our guests to practice social distancing while they are enjoying food in the restaurants.” This isn’t the only playful way the fast-food franchise has promoted social distancing. CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP A commercial promoting the so-called “social distancing Whopper” hit YouTube on Thursday, opening with footage of a woman waiting for an elevator. A man — who evidently ate the onion-loaded Whopper — then appears and says hello. Repulsed by the stench of his breath, the woman shoots him a dirty look, clenches her fists and turns away, taking the stairs instead. FOLLOW US ON FACEBOOK FOR MORE FOX LIFESTYLE NEWS “The triple onion Whopper that helps others stay away,” the quick clip concluded in Italian, according to a translation. Fox News' Janine Puhak contributed to this report.
84846597|https://www.foxnews.com/us/las-vegas-to-reopen-casinos-with-restrictions|20200525_004010 - 43 mins ago|Las Vegas to reopen casinos -- with restrictions|Get all the latest news on coronavirus and more delivered daily to your inbox. Sign up here. Las Vegas is set to reopen casinos following its coronavirus lockdown, but guests should not expect a return to business as usual. Nevada Gov. Steve Sisolak set a tentative date of June 4 to reopen casinos statewide following two weeks of continued decrease in both new cases and hospitalizations. Should the decline continue through the weekend, Sisolak will hold a press conference on Tuesday to reveal further rollbacks as part of the next phase to reopen the state. CLICK FOR THE LATEST ON THE CORONAVIRUS Virginia Valentine, president and CEO of the Nevada Resort Association, applauded the governor's decision, calling it "fantastic news" for Nevada's gaming industry. "Our members have spent more than two months preparing for this day," she said in an emailed statement to the Las Vegas Review-Journal. "They've put in place enhanced health and safety plans and protocols ... Our memebers are excited to show off the enhancements they've made that preserve the experience while ensuring the well-being of our employees and visitors." Casinos are required to submit plans for reopening, which will require approval at least seven days ahead of actually opening their doors. Other businesses, such as nightclubs, dayclubs, buffets and large venues will remain closed – including the infamous Cirque du Soleil. MGM RESORTS INTERNATIONL REVEALS SAFETY PLAN FOR REOPENING “You’re going to see a lot of social distancing,” said Sean McBurney, general manager at Caesars Palace. “If there’s crowding, it’s every employee’s responsibility to ensure there’s social distancing.” Guests will see signs everywhere that remind them to wash their hands, maintain social distancing and limit gatherings to four people when possible. The most striking difference will be a limit on games and participants: four players only at roulette, six at craps. Plastic partitions will separate dealers from players and players from each other at the Bellagio, three at each table, and slot machines will be shut down to discourage players from sitting near each other. LAS VEGAS MAYOR SLAMS CORONAVIRUS SHUTDOWNS AS 'TOTAL INSANITY' “Visually, you’ll still see a lot of color and activity, but you won’t be able to play every machine,” McBurney said. New state Gaming Control Board regulations require that casinos disinfect surfaces and give “increased attention” to high-touch hotel items like television remote controls and light switches. Dice will be disinfected between shooters, chips cleaned periodically and card decks changed frequently. At some resorts guests will be encouraged to use cellphones for touchless check in, as room keys and to read restaurant menus. Large resorts will hand out free masks to guests, but won’t require their use. CLICK HERE FOR THE FOX NEWS APP “We all know what we’ve gone through for the last 10 weeks. No one’s having fun,” said Bill Hornbuckle, acting chief executive and president of casino giant MGM Resorts International. “The simple idea that I could get out, come to a resort, lay at a pool, enjoy a nice dinner, sit at a blackjack table. There’s something to be said for all of that.” The Associated Press contributed to this report.
83107116|https://www.foxnews.com/politics/trumps-national-security-adviser-says-china-response-to-coronavirus-was-like-chernobyl|20200525_004018 - 1 hour ago|Trump's national security adviser says China response to coronavirus was like Chernobyl|Get all the latest news on coronavirus and more delivered daily to your inbox. Sign up here. White House National Security Adviser Robert O’Brien compared on Sunday China’s response to the coronavirus pandemic to that of the Soviet Union’s reaction during the Chernobyl nuclear disaster in 1986. “This was a virus that was unleashed by China. There was a coverup that someday they’re going to do an HBO show like they did with Chernobyl on this virus,” O’Brien said on CBS’ “Face the Nation” Sunday. O’Brien was referring to the 2019 miniseries that dramatized the 1986 explosion of a reactor at a nuclear power plant in Ukraine and the response from Soviet officials. O’Brien added that, like Soviet officials in the 1980s, Chinese officials have covered up the extent of the pandemic -- which first surfaced late last year in Wuhan, the sprawling capital of Central China’s Hubei province – because “they kicked out all reporters and they wouldn’t let [the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention] investigators come in and they’re still stonewalling investigators.” CLICK HERE FOR COMPLETE CORONAVIRUS COVERAGE “It doesn’t matter if it was local officials or the Chinese Communist Party, it was a coverup and we’ll get to the bottom of it eventually,” he added. On vaccine development, O’Brien said he was confident that the United States will develop one before China does and added that he thinks that Beijing will try to steal U.S. intellectual property if the vaccine is first developed in the U.S. “There’s a chance, and it’s been reported, that the Chinese have been engaged in espionage to try to find the research and the technologies that we’re working on both for a vaccine and a therapy,” he said. “They’ve got a many-year history of stealing American intellectual property and knocking off American technology and I wouldn’t be surprised if they did that with the vaccines.” The U.S. is pushing the World Health Organization to start work “now” on a planned independent review of its coordinated international response to the COVID-19 outbreak, at a time the Trump administration has repeatedly criticized the agency and is threatening to cut off U.S. funding for it. CLICK HERE FOR THE FOX NEWS APP Adm. Brett Giroir, an assistant secretary in the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, sent a letter to the UN health agency’s executive board meeting on Friday saying the United States believes the WHO can “immediately initiate" preparations such as bringing together independent health experts and setting up guidelines for the review. President Trump has continually blamed China for allowing the pathogen to spread beyond its borders. “This is a hit that came out of China,” Trump said during an interview that aired on WJLA on Sunday. “Whether we like it or not, it came out of China. It could have been stopped.”
13000958|https://www.foxnews.com/entertainment/simon-cowell-dieting-staying-busy-quarantine|20200525_004025 - 1 hour ago|Simon Cowell on dieting in quarantine, reveals how much weight he's lost|Get all the latest news on coronavirus and more delivered daily to your inbox. Sign up here. Simon Cowell, one of Hollywood's busiest, is trying to keep himself occupied during the coronavirus quarantine. The reality television personality offered some sage advice to fans in an interview with Extra. HILARY DUFF SHUTS DOWN 'DISGUSTING' SEX TRAFFICKING TWITTER RUMORS ABOUT HER SON LUCA “Most importantly, occupy your mind,” said Cowell, 60. “You have to stick to a routine. Fortunately, with things like with Zoom, you stay in touch with the world, keep motivated, come up with ideas... I never get this time, normally.” While quarantining, Cowell has been enjoying time with his partner Lauren Silverman and 6-year-old son Eric. "I was concerned how [Eric] was going to cope with all of this. He has been absolutely amazing," gushed Cowell. "He is still able to do schoolwork, and now we are camping on the weekends in the garden.” Camping didn't go over so well for Lauren during the family's first attempt. “Lauren, the first time, 11 o’clock said, ‘I can’t deal with this,'" recalled the reality star. "And I said ‘No, we are staying outside.’” EDWARD VIII WAS 'OBSESSIVE' AND 'SUFFOCATING' WITH AMERICAN DIVORCE WALLIS SIMSON, DOC SAYS Aside from camping, Cowell's been keeping himself busy with a handful of other activities. “I’m doing a bit of cooking, I’m exercising. Funny enough, more during this time as well, sticking to the diet," he said, noting he can keep better track of his diet at home. “The only difficult thing is when Eric orders a pizza... That’s the number one thing I miss.” Although he's had to give up pizza, the diet is paying off for Cowell. "I think I have dropped, since I started this diet a year ago, 60 pounds," he said. Cowell also has Monday's "America's Got Talent" season premiere to look forward to. “I’ve seen the first episodes now, and even for us watching as a family is total escapism,” said the judge. “The fact that everyone’s managed to put this together remotely... I think they’ve done an outstanding job, and the show I am very, very proud of.” Additionally, this season, Sofia Vergara was welcomed to the judges' table -- which Cowell said has been a plus. CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP "She was amazing," he gushed. "After 10 minutes, literally, in the first day, she turned to me and said, ‘Simon, this is the best job I ever had.’ She was very good with the contestants, very focused. You kind of feel she has been on the show for a long time.”
89480898|https://www.foxnews.com/politics/arkansas-gov-hutchinson-optimistic-about-economic-recovery-despite-recent-high-in-new-covid-cases|20200525_004034 - 1 hour ago|Arkansas Gov. Hutchinson optimistic about economic recovery despite recent high in new COVID cases|Get all the latest news on coronavirus and more delivered daily to your inbox. Sign up here. The state of Arkansas is moving forward with reopening its economy, which was never fully shut down during the coronavirus pandemic, and Gov. Asa Hutchinson said he is "optimistic" about the future, even as the state had its highest number of new cases to date this past Thursday. The White House recommended that states not reopen until they have seen a steady two-week decline in new cases, while Arkansas has seen ups and downs in recent days. Hutchinson, however, is taking a big-picture view and told "Fox News Sunday" that, on the whole, he is encouraged by what he sees. AMERICA REOPENING: 14 MORE STATES EASE RESTRICTIONS BEFORE MEMORIAL DAY WEEKEND “We’re expanding our economy, but right now we have less than 100 hospitalizations; our death rate is low compared to the rest of the country," Hutchinson said. "It doesn’t diminish the seriousness with which we take it, but we have to manage the risk, grow our economy, we have to come back and not just in Arkansas but nationally. Because this virus is deadly but it’s going to be with us a while. We have to manage that risk.” Hutchinson defended the decision to reopen stores, movie theaters and gyms with lower capacities, in light of the relatively low number of cases. He acknowledged that there is still a risk involved in reopening, but said individuals can take precautions to protect themselves. CLICK HERE FOR FULL CORONAVIRUS COVERAGE "Well, my thinking is we have to manage the risk. We take the virus very seriously, it’s a risk, it causes death, but you can’t cloister yourself at home, that is just contrary to the American spirit," he said. "And we have to discipline ourselves, we have to manage the risk. I make the comparison with you: could be in an automobile and it’s very risky, but you manage the risk by wearing a seatbelt.” Hutchinson never issued a full stay-at-home order for his state like other governors have, and he is moving forward with reopening even though the state had its highest number of daily cases this past Thursday. That spike followed a low count the previous day, and Hutchinson pointed to less than 5 percent of people tested being positive as a reason for optimism. CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP That number is doubled by the percent of people in the state who are unemployed, but Hutchinson noted that Arkansas' 10.2 percent unemployment is 4 percent lower than the national average. He credited to lack of a stay-at-home order for this, and said it is the reason why Arkansas will come back relatively soon. “Our economy is stronger than and will rebound more quickly because it was not all shut down and people are going back to work," Hutchinson said, adding that he is “optimistic about coming back, it’s just going to take some time.”
34894543|https://www.foxnews.com/politics/top-nursing-home-executive-blames-flawed-survey-system-for-scathing-gao-report-on-lapses-in-infection-prevention|20200525_004043 - 2 hours ago|Top nursing home executive blames 'flawed survey system' for scathing GAO report on lapses in infection prevention|Get all the latest news on coronavirus and more delivered daily to your inbox. Sign up here. The head of the National Center for Assisted Living blamed a “flawed survey system” for the recent government watchdog report that found widespread problems with infectious disease controls in nursing homes across the country. Mark Parkinson, the president and chief executive officer of the American Health Care Association and National Center for Assisted Living, said on Sunday that people surveying nursing homes across the country were encouraged to find problems and that is why a Government Accountability Office report released last week found that eight in 10 nursing homes inspected were cited for infection-control problems. “We have a real flawed survey system and one of the flaws in the system is surveyors are encouraged to give deficiencies and that makes the impression that even very good buildings are deficient,” Parkinson said on “Fox News Sunday.” The GAO report comes as nursing homes across the country have been hard hit by the coronavirus pandemic. CLICK HERE FOR COMPLETE CORONAVIRUS COVERAGE An ongoing count by The Associated Press has found that outbreaks in nursing homes and long-term care facilities have killed more than 30,000 people, more than one-third of all coronavirus deaths in the country. In Massachusetts, the coronavirus late last month killed at least 80 veterans – with 82 other residents and 81 staff members testing positive for the contagion – at Holyoke Soldiers' Home. Overall, the outbreak has claimed the lives of nearly one-third of all residents at the veterans' home. “It’s horrific,” said Edward Lapointe, whose father-in-law lives at the home and had a mild case of the virus. “These guys never had a chance.” New York, as with much of the other grim news from the outbreak, has been the epicenter of deaths in nursing homes with more than 5,000 being reported as of earlier last week. It was reported last week that more than 4,500 recovering coronavirus patients were sent to New York’s already vulnerable nursing homes under a controversial state directive that was ultimately scrapped amid criticisms it was accelerating the nation’s deadliest outbreaks. The GAO report, which analyzed data from the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services from 2013 to 2017, found that 82 percent of nursing homes – over 13,000 in all – had received citations for either cutting corners or failing to implement to correct controls in that time frame. Gov. Andrew Cuomo, a Democrat, on May 10 reversed the directive, which had been intended to help free up hospital beds for the sickest patients as cases surged. But he continued to defend it this week, saying he didn't believe it contributed to the more than 5,800 nursing and adult care facility deaths in New York — more than in any other state — and that homes should have spoken up if it was a problem. “Any nursing home could just say, ‘I can’t handle a COVID person in my facility,'" he said, although the March 25 order didn’t specify how homes could refuse, saying that ”no resident shall be denied re-admission or admission to the (nursing home) solely based" on confirmed or suspected COVID-19. The GAO report found that about 40 percent of the nursing homes inspected in each of the past two years were cited for problems with infection control and prevention. Looking deeper into federal data for 2013-2017, investigators found a recurring pattern of problems. Data for that five-year period showed that 82 percent of nursing homes inspected, or 13,299, had at least one deficiency related to infection control and prevention. About half of the facilities had an infection-related deficiency in multiple consecutive years. “Our analysis of CMS data shows that infection prevention and control deficiencies were the most common type of deficiency cited in surveyed nursing homes,” John Dicken, the director of the health care team at the GAO, wrote in a letter to Sen. Ron Wyden of Oregon, the top Democrat on a committee that oversees Medicare and Medicaid. “Infection prevention and control deficiencies cited by surveyors can include situations where nursing home staff did not regularly use proper hand hygiene or failed to implement preventive measures during an infectious disease outbreak, such as isolating sick residents and using masks and other personal protective equipment to control the spread of infection." Dicken added: “Many of these practices can be critical to preventing the spread of infectious diseases, including COVID19.” CLICK HERE FOR THE FOX NEWS APP Parkinson said on Sunday that one of the reasons nursing homes have been so devastated by COVID-19 was that residents were not seen as high priority and the facilities lacked the proper testing supplies. “The country was too concerned with hospitals being overrun and there were consequences to that, one of the consequences was that nursing homes were left out,” he said. “Our residents were not a high priority for testing, we weren’t given the equipment we needed." Parkinson added: “There needs to be some accountability for all of these people that were making this fantastic estimates that all the hospitals in the country would be overrun—there wasn’t and there were consequences.” Parkinson noted that the Trump administration has allocated $5 billion for the recovery efforts in nursing homes nationwide. The Associated Press contributed to this report.
87506687|https://www.foxnews.com/us/second-missouri-hairstylist-coronavirus-symptomatic-147-exposed|20200525_004049 - 3 hours ago|Second Missouri stylist who worked with coronavirus symptoms tests positive; 147 clients, co-workers exposed|Get all the latest news on coronavirus and more delivered daily to your inbox. Sign up here. Two Missouri hairstylists at the same salon have potentially directly exposed 147 people to coronavirus after working on clients while showing symptoms for COVID-19. The Springfield-Greene Health Department announced Saturday that a second stylist at a Great Clips in Springfield has tested positive for COVID-19. The stylist, who worked May 16-20 “while experiencing very mild symptoms but potentially infectious,” has potentially exposed 56 clients to the virus. “At this time, this is the only other positive result we have had from those tested as a result of the previous exposure,” the department said in a press release. CLICK HERE FOR FULL CORONAVIRUS COVERAGE A day earlier, the health department announced the first stylist at the same location at 1864 S. Glenstone Ave. had tested positive. While symptomatic, that individual worked May 12-20, potentially exposing 84 clients and seven co-workers. Both stylists, as well as all their clients, wore masks. The health department said it hoped “because face coverings were worn throughout this exposure timeline, no additional cases will result.” “We are hopeful that their strictly enforced policy of masking will prevent any future spread from this case. They also kept detailed records that have made contact tracing a speedy process,” Springfield-Greene County Health Department Director Clay Goddard said Friday. Contact tracing investigators helped track down customers who were potentially exposed to the virus. Those people will be notified by the health department and offered testing. MISSOURI HAIR STYLIST WENT TO WORK WITH CORONAVIRUS SYMPTOMS, EXPOSED 91 CLIENTS, CO-WORKERS: OFFICIALS The department said anyone else who was at the hair salon on those dates is believed to be at very low risk. Those individuals are advised to watch for symptoms, but there is no need to self-quarantine or isolate unless symptoms develop, the department said in a press release. Symptoms of COVID-19 include cough, fever, shortness of breath, chills, muscle pain, sore throat and new loss of taste or smell. Missouri hair salons, among some other non-essential businesses shuttered during a statewide stay-at-home order, were cleared to reopen on May 4, according to the Kansas City Star. The Great Clips location was closed to undergo sanitizing and deep cleaning under guidelines provided by the county health department and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, the newspaper reported, citing a statement from the salon owners. CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP Goddard praised the owners for their swift action, and said the salon was now safe for business. Missouri, as of Sunday, has recorded at least 11,558 confirmed coronavirus cases, with 671 deaths, according to data collected by Johns Hopkins University.
11645681|https://www.foxnews.com/politics/hhs-sec-azar-defends-trumps-call-for-governors-to-reopen-churches-as-long-as-appropriate-precautions-are-made|20200525_012753 - 5 mins ago|HHS Secretary Azar defends Trump's call for governors to reopen churches as long as 'appropriate precautions' are made|Get all the latest news on coronavirus and more delivered daily to your inbox. Sign up here. U.S. Health and Human Services Secretary Alex Azar defended on Sunday President Trump’s demand that governors allow churches and other houses of worship to reopen this weekend even though some areas remain under coronavirus lockdown. Speaking during an interview on “Sunday Morning Futures,” Azar said he believes that as long as a church is “taking appropriate precautions” they should be able to hold in-person services. “As long as your church is taking appropriate precautions and we put out guidance to those to that effect,” Azar said. “You sign up so that they don't get overcrowded. You get screened for temperature as well as symptoms as you come in, you socially distance among family units in the church.” He added: “The church has been sanitized by the cleaning workers there so we can get back to work, back to school and back to worship in safe ways because of President Trump's historic response here.” CLICK HERE FOR COMPLETE CORONAVIRUS COVERAGE Trump threatened Friday to “override” governors who defy him, but it was unclear what authority he has to do so. “Governors need to do the right thing and allow these very important essential places of faith to open right now — for this weekend," Trump said at a hastily arranged press conference at the White House. Asked what authority Trump might have to supersede governors, White House Press Secretary Kayleigh McEnany said she wouldn't answer a theoretical question. Trump has been pushing for the country to reopen as he tries to reverse an economic free fall playing out months before he faces reelection. White evangelical Christians have been among the president's most loyal supporters, and the White House has been careful to attend to their concerns throughout the crisis. Following Trump's announcement, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention released new guidelines for communities of faith on how to safely reopen, including recommendations to limit the size of gatherings and consider holding services outdoors or in large, well-ventilated areas. Public health agencies have generally advised people to avoid gatherings of more than 10 people and encouraged Americans to remain 6 feet (1.8 meters) away from others when possible. Some parts of the country remain under some version of remain-at-home orders. In-person religious services have been vectors for transmission of the virus. A person who attended a Mother’s Day service at a church in Northern California that defied the governor’s closure orders later tested positive, exposing more than 180 churchgoers. And a choir practice at a church in Washington state was labeled by the CDC as an early “superspreading" event. CLICK HERE FOR THE FOX NEWS APP But Trump on Friday stressed the importance of churches in many communities and said he was “identifying houses of worship — churches, synagogues and mosques — as essential places that provide essential services.” “Some governors have deemed liquor stores and abortion clinics as essential” but not churches, he said. “It’s not right. So I’m correcting this injustice and calling houses of worship essential." “These are places that hold our society together and keep our people united,” he added. Dr. Deborah Birx, coordinator of the White House coronavirus task force, said faith leaders should be in touch with local health departments and can take steps to mitigate risks, including making sure those who are at high risk of severe complications remain protected. “There’s a way for us to work together to have social distancing and safety for people so we decrease the amount of exposure that anyone would have to an asymptomatic," she said. The Associated Press contributed to this report.
40229536|https://www.foxnews.com/world/uk-researchers-warn-of-only-50-percent-success-for-covid-vaccine-trial|20200525_013200 - 6 mins ago|UK researchers warn of only '50 percent' success for COVID vaccine trial|Get all the latest news on coronavirus and more delivered daily to your inbox. Sign up here. Developing a vaccine for the coronavirus could prove difficult due to the declining number of infections, researchers in Britain have warned. Reports that Oxford was proceeding to the second stage of human trials for its coronavirus vaccine, which would see the number of participants rise to 10,000 people, were met with optimism. Oxford’s Jenner Institute is working with drug company Astra Zeneca to develop a vaccine. The government projected that the vaccine, if successful, could deliver 30 million doses by September. However, scientists involved with the study have given interviews with separate London-based newspapers warning that initial projections may prove to be optimistic. CLICK FOR THE LATEST ON THE CORONAVIRUS The main issue, they say, is that the virus may be disappearing too fast for the studies to produce “meaningful results.” “It is a race, yes. But it's not a race against the other guys. It's a race against the virus disappearing, and against time,” Professor Hill, 61, told the Telegraph. “But at the moment, there’s a 50 per cent chance that we get no result at all. We’re in the bizarre position of wanting Covid to stay, at least for a little while. But cases are declining." Hill, director of the Oxford University Jenner Institute, told the Telegraph that in the second phase of testing, he might expect fewer than 50 people to catch the virus. If the total number of infected participants is below 20, then results may be useless. UK COVID VACCINE TRIAL 'PROGRESSING VERY WELL,' RECRUITING CHILDREN, OLDER ADULTS “There’s a danger of over-promising here. This is the way I usually say it: this is our ambition,” Hill said. “There are multiple risks. It's never been done before. We don't know if we can do it. We think we can.” “I wouldn’t book a holiday in October on the back of these announcements, put it that way.” Sir John Bell, regius professor of medicine at Oxford University, during an interview with The Sunday Times reiterated Hill’s concerns, explaining that the speed of development was “entirely dependent” on the number of infections in the population. UK CORONAVIRUS VACCINE TRIAL COULD DELIVER 30 MILLION DOSES BY SEPTEMBER “You wouldn’t start [trials] in London now for sure,” Bell said. “The question is: can you chase the disease around the UK? Then there’s the question about whether you chase it internationally.” Early next month, Oxford will release the crucial results of a first trial of more than 1,000 UK volunteers conducted in April, when the disease was at its peak. Hill said he would be happy for other countries to use his research principles to protect their own citizens. “We might feel a little peculiar about that. We got there first, but everyone else piles in. We might feel that we've done the heavy lifting,” Hill said. “But actually we wouldn't care. We're not competing in a cutthroat way. If someone else can produce a billion doses, we’ll have a party.” CLICK HERE FOR THE FOX NEWS APP Eight potential COVID-19 vaccines are currently proceeding with human trials, with four in China, two in the U.S. and one in Germany. Despite the warnings of caution, many of the teams are planning to move their next trials overseas.
42557958|https://www.foxnews.com/us/washington-state-man-charged-coronavirus-relief-fraud-loans|20200525_030441 - 6 mins ago|Washington state man charged with coronavirus relief fraud, allegedly sought over $1.5 million in loans|Get all the latest news on coronavirus and more delivered daily to your inbox. Sign up here. A Washington state software engineer is charged with fraudulently seeking over $1.5 million in coronavirus relief funds intended for small business loans, prosecutors announced Friday. Issaquah resident Baoke Zhang, 35, is accused of filing applications seeking forgivable loans guaranteed by the Small Business Administration (SBA) under the Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security (CARES) Act. According to the charges, Zhang sought the relief funds by claiming fake payroll expenses with his non-existent information technology companies. Zhang allegedly submitted fake documents to two different banks in support of applications for forgivable loans guaranteed by the SBA for coronavirus relief through the Paycheck Protection Program (PPP). The fake IRS documentation purported to show federal tax withholdings for a sole proprietorship in his name for 25 employees. To show that his businesses had been operating for longer than they actually had, Zhang allegedly submitted documents showing that the IRS had assigned an Employer Identification Number (EIN) to his businesses – one in 2017 and one in 2018. The IRS actually assigned an EIN number for each of his businesses last month – shortly before Zhang submitted his application. HOLLYWOOD EXEC POCKETED MORE THAN $1.7M IN CORONAVIRUS PPP FUNDS, AUTHORITIES SAY “The defendant allegedly submitted false documents in a brazen scheme to acquire over 1.5 million dollars in loan funds made available for legitimate businesses adversely affected by COVID-19,” Assistant Attorney General Brian A. Benczkowski said. “The department and our law enforcement partners will continue to identify and bring to justice those who commit fraud on CARES Act programs.” Zhang faced charges of wire fraud and bank fraud. It was not immediately clear if he had an attorney who could speak on his behalf. Issaquah is about a 20-minute drive southeast of Seattle. U.S. lawmakers passed the CARES Act this past March to provide emergency financial assistance for people and businesses suffering from the economic effects caused by the coronavirus pandemic. CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP The bill set aside $349 billion in forgivable loans to small businesses for job retention and expenses through the PPP. Lawmakers approved more than $300 billion in additional PPP funding in April.
71064254|https://www.foxnews.com/media/cruise-ship-entertainer-ryan-driscoll-devin-nunes-coronavirus-barbados|20200525_032918 - 7 mins ago|US cruise ship performer stuck in Barbados amid coronavirus thanks Rep. Nunes for helping bring him home|Get all the latest news on coronavirus and more delivered daily to your inbox. Sign up here. Rep. Devin Nunes on Sunday celebrated the return of a U.S. cruise ship entertainer who'd been stuck at sea for months amid the coronavirus pandemic, as the congressman told "Fox & Friends" that helping him get home was "one of the really only good parts left about this job." San Diego native Ryan Driscoll, 26, said he'd been stuck aboard the Seabourn Odyssey off the coast of Bridgetown, Barbados, for 80 days before Nunes caught wind of his situation. "A lot of times, we're the last line when people get to us, we're their last hope. And, we've had a lot of people in Ryan’s case. All the members of Congress all over the country have had similar situations, but Ryan's was particularly important because it took so long," Nunes, R-Calif., said. CLICK FOR THE LATEST ON THE CORONAVIRUS "I’m very thankful to Congressman Nunes and his office," Driscoll said. "They all helped me get home quicker and safer. They were putting pressure on the local Bridgetown and Barbados government, working with the U.S. State Department as well as the U.S. Embassy in Bridgetown to arrange a charter flight to bring back American citizens, and I was one of those lucky Americans that got to come home on that flight." The cruise ship performer added that "without Nunes and his amazing staff in California, I would not be here right now in sunny San Diego. I would be stuck on that ship like many of my friends are still stuck on ships around the world. So, I'm very thankful to be back." CLICK HERE FOR THE FOX NEWS APP Nunes said he was "thankful" Driscoll was able to return safely to his family, adding that his team was focussed on bringing home other citizens "trapped overseas" amid the pandemic.
97244074|https://www.foxnews.com/world/dominic-cummings-investigation-alleged-lockdown-breaches-boris-johnson|20200525_040758 - 4 mins ago|British PM aide Dominic Cummings faces possible police investigation over alleged coronavirus lockdown breaches, report says|Get all the latest news on coronavirus and more delivered daily to your inbox. Sign up here. British political strategist Dominic Cummings faces increasing scrutiny for multiple breaches of the national coronavirus lockdown, including a possible police investigation. Cummings drove from his home in London to his parents’ Durham farm on March 27, only a few days after Prime Minister Boris Johnson had initiated a national lockdown. Johnson’s lockdown banned all non-essential travel, but Cummings was spotted entering the property with ABBA’s “Dancing Queen” blasting from his car. CLICK FOR THE LATEST ON THE CORONAVIRUS Further sightings placed Cummings at Barnard Castle, 30 miles from Durham, on April 12, and returning to Durham on April 19. A BBC timeline noted that Cummings was photographed visiting Downing Street between the latter visits, indicating he was traveling all across the country during a time when only essential travel was allowed. Johnson and other Cabinet members have spoken in support of Cummings, with Cabinet minister Michael Gove declaring that “caring for your wife and child is not a crime.” However, after pressure from conservative backbenchers and other politicians, Johnson summoned Cummings to Downing Street on Sunday morning. Cummings left shortly after Johnson finally gave a news briefing, during which he said Cummings “acted responsibly and legally and with integrity.” When asked directly about Cummings’ visit to Barnard Castle, Johnson replied with a similar message that his Cabinet had taken days earlier, citing the needs for Cummings to care for his child. “When you look at the guidance, when you look at the particular child-care needs that Mr. Cummings faced at the time, it was reasonable of him to self-isolate as he did for 14 days or more with his family where he did,” Johnson said. “I think that was sensible and defensible and I understand it.” Even as Johnson gave his speech, retired chemistry teacher Robin Lees reportedly filed a complaint with police stating that he saw Cummings and his family on April 12 in Barnard Castle. The Guardian obtained a copy of Lees’ complaint to police. “At the time, I felt the three people getting in the car might be breaking lockdown rules. However, in light of recent information, I feel that as well as an important breach of the lockdown, there may also have been concerns over Health Protection regulations,” Lees wrote in an email. He also provided the license-plate number for the car he said Cummings was driving. Durham County Councillor Amanda Hopgood of the Liberal Democrats also demanded an investigation into Cummings’ multiple visits to Durham, stating that his visit may have represented a breach of the 2020 Health Protection Regulations. “I have sent a letter to the chief constable asking them to see if [Cummings] has committed an offense under section 15 of the health protection coronavirus regulations,” Hopgood said. “There have been so many different versions of what has happened, an independent investigation by the police is needed.” Cummings was not the only prominent figures accused of defying the lockdown. A Scottish medical adviser resigned after she was spotted walking her dog miles from her home in April, and epidemiologist Neil Ferguson resigned as a government adviser after his girlfriend visited him. CLICK HERE FOR THE FOX NEWS APP A Labour Party spokesman said: “The lockdown rules were very clear: if you or anyone in your household was suspected of having Covid-19 you must immediately self-isolate and not leave the house.” The Associated Press contributed to this report.
98270438|https://www.foxnews.com/politics/white-house-bars-entry-of-non-us-citizens-traveling-from-brazil-citing-coronavirus-concerns|20200525_042726 - 8 mins ago|White House bars entry of non-US citizens traveling from Brazil, citing coronavirus concerns|The White House on Sunday announced that the U.S. would bar entry of non-citizens traveling from Brazil, which has seen a sharp rise in coronavirus cases in previous weeks. This is a developing story; check back for updates. Fox News' Kristina Biddle contributed to this report.
90451896|https://www.foxnews.com/entertainment/john-kraskinski-slammed-selling-some-good-new|20200525_043704 - 7 mins ago|John Kraskinski slammed as 'sellout' over 'Some Good News' deal with CBS|Get all the latest news on coronavirus and more delivered daily to your inbox. Sign up here. It's bad news for "Some Good News" host John Krasinski. As the coronavirus outbreak worsened around the world back in March, Krasinski, 40, launched the online show "Some Good News," which was dedicated entirely to sharing positive news stories. The show drew a large audience quickly, its first episode earning 17 million views on YouTube while the show's Instagram page had nearly a million followers. ALYSSA MILANO ROASTED ON TWITTER AFTER POSTING CROCHETED FACE MASK: 'MASKS KEEP PEOPLE SAFE AND HEALTHY' This past Thursday, it was announced that ViacomCBS had picked up "Some Good News" to air on CBS All Access as well as some of the company's other brands. It also was announced that Krasinski would not return as the host. Following Viacom's success in what The Hollywood Reporter called a "massive bidding war," fans expressed disappointment with the "Quiet Place" star, calling him a "sellout" profiting off his feel-good program that had been free online. "This makes me feel like you’re a sellout. was this a money move? i really don’t understand," one Twitter user wrote. "Your show could have just inspired them to share good news, not take what you started. it was easier to access SGN, not this network." "John Krasinski played us like a damn [fiddle] made a network and used his fame to sellout and make money during these hard times," another wrote. SIMON COWELL ON DIETING IN QUARANTINE, REVEALS HOW MUCH WEIGHT HE'S LOST A third added: "remember when he created this free feel good YouTube show to 'make people feel good' and now he is................selling it for $$$? really cool, 100% honorable." "Kind of a sell out move. This should have just been a free fun thing," an Instagram follower wrote. "You tainted the good news name. Just another corporate conglomerate with floors of lawyers to control what is put forth. Sad." Other fans were unhappy that the show would end up CBS All Access, slamming the platform in the comments of a recent Instagram post following the announcement. "I love SGN BUT I’m hoping we’ll still be able to watch somewhere other than CBS All Access. Speaking from experience, it’s a HORRIBLE platform," a follower wrote. "Its a pay service, with commercials, and skips/ pixelates like crazy." CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP While Krasinski will no longer host the show, he will maintain some kind of on-screen presence and will serve as the show's executive producer, according to the announcement. Reps for Krasinski did not immediately respond to Fox News' request for comment.
74202886|https://www.foxnews.com/entertainment/nick-cordero-new-lung-infection-coronavirus|20200525_044231 - 6 mins ago|Nick Cordero fighting 'new lung infection' amid coronavirus battle, wife reveals|Get all the latest news on coronavirus and more delivered daily to your inbox. Sign up here. Broadway star Nick Cordero's battle against coronavirus has seen a new setback, according to his wife. The 41-year-old actor was hospitalized in March for coronavirus, and since then, he's fought an onslaught of setbacks that have included mini-strokes and the amputation of his leg. SIMON COWELL ON DIETING IN QUARANTINE, REVEALS HOW MUCH WEIGHT HE'S LOST After waking from his medically induced coma, Cordero's condition started "going a little downhill," as wife Amanda Kloots put it. Now, she's offered more details as to what exactly he's up against. "It's been a tough week," Kloots said on her Instagram story Saturday night. "Nick suffered from some new lung infection in his lungs earlier this week and since then, he's been slowly recovering, which is great." ALYSSA MILANO ROASTED ON TWITTER AFTER POSTING CROCHETED FACE MASK: 'MASKS KEEP PEOPLE SAFE AND HEALTHY' She added: "Day by day, hour by hour, he's getting better. He's slowly getting back to where he was before this infection came about." The next step, Kloots said, would include taking Cordero off some medications. "I'm so proud of Nick, I'm really proud of how strong he is and, gosh, what he's gone through and his will," she continued. "I'm just really, really proud of him." Kloots concluded the video with a lengthy plea to fans to "hug your loved ones... and let them know, 'I love you.'" CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP On Friday, Kloots noted on Instagram that Cordero has been "defying odds" and "showing small improvements each day."
5531295|https://www.foxnews.com/media/huckabee-biden-basement-campaign|20200525_051240 - 9 mins ago|Huckabee mocks Biden 'basement campaign': 'It's where you put your cranky relatives... keep 'em out of sight'|Get all the latest news on coronavirus and more delivered daily to your inbox. Sign up here. Former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee slammed Joe Biden on Sunday, arguing that the former vice president's campaigning from his Delaware basement has been "disastrous," adding that if the Democrat were president, "we'd all be in the basement." "I think Joe’s basement campaign is somewhat, maybe, symptomatic of his whole approach to being president," Huckabee told "Fox & Friends" Sunday. Huckabee, a Fox News contributor, reacted to a now-viral virtual interview during which the former vice president suggested that African-Americans unsure about whether to support him or President Trump "ain't black." "This is a guy who has spent the last several months in the basement," Huckabee said. "It’s where you put all your cranky relatives... and keep 'em out of sight because every time he surfaces... he comes out, sees his shadow, makes a gaffe and then he spends the next three days with... his staff apologizing for what he said." CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP Biden made the comments on Charlamagne tha God's radio show that aired Friday morning. Later that day, the Democrats' presumptive 2020 presidential nominee admitted he "shouldn't have been so cavalier." Huckabee suggested that Biden stick to "written messages," because "when he goes just off the script, it’s disastrous -- as we've seen this week."
6396805|https://www.foxnews.com/us/memorial-day-travel-social-distance-beaches|20200525_054041 - 5 mins ago|Memorial Day travelers hit tourists spots across US, but not always social-distancing|Get all the latest news on coronavirus and more delivered daily to your inbox. Sign up here. Thousands of stir-crazy Americans have flocked to beaches and tourist spots over the Memorial Day weekend, and while many tried to stay safe, many others seemed to ignore social-distancing rules despite the lingering coronavirus pandemic. It came as most U.S. states cautiously started to lift restrictions that have been in place for months to curb the spread of the virus – which so far killed nearly 100,000 Americans, according to the latest figures. All along the eastern coast, beaches were packed with large crowds as sheriff’s deputies and beach patrols tried to enforce social distancing. Along Florida's Gulf Coast in the Tampa area, crowds became so large that officials closed parking lots because they were full. Pinellas County Sheriff Bob Gualtieri said about 300 deputies were patrolling the beaches to ensure people stayed at least six feet apart. In Galveston, Texas, access points to the island were jam-packed with traffic, the Galveston Daily News reported. Galveston Island Beach Patrol Chief Peter Davis told the paper Saturday that few people were seen wearing masks but appeared to be social distancing. “Considering how many people have been here, it’s gone pretty well so far,” he said. At the Lake of the Ozarks in Missouri, people packed bars and restaurants. One video showed a crammed pool where vacationers were not wearing masks and lounging close together, St. Louis’ KMOV-TV reported. In West Virginia, ATV riders jammed the 700-mile Hatfield-McCoy network of all-terrain vehicle trails on the first weekend it was allowed to reopen since the outbreak began. Campgrounds and cabins were opened as well. At New York's Orchard Beach in the Bronx, kids played with toys and people sat in folding chairs. Some wore winter coats. Many wore masks and sat apart from others. New Jersey Gov. Phil Murphy gave the green light last week for Jersey Shore beaches to open, but with strict restrictions in place. Beachgoers headed for Jersey Shore will likely see the message: “SOCIAL DISTANCE TODAY – START SPREADING THE NEWS,” NBC News reported. Meanwhile, beaches on the West Coast are set to remain closed through Memorial Day, with the exception of some beaches in Southern California that are open with restrictions enforced. Southern California’s Orange County made national headlines last month after people there flocked to the beaches in defiance of Gov. Gavin Newsom’s orders. TEAM TRUMP CAMPAIGNING AT BEACHES MEMORIAL DAY WEEKEND During a Sunday appearance on ABC News’ “This Week,” Dr. Deborah Birx said she was “very concerned” about scenes of people crowding together over the weekend. “We really want to be clear all the time that social distancing is absolutely critical. And if you can't social distance and you're outside, you must wear a mask,” the White House coronavirus task-force member said. CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP Worldwide, over 5.3 million people have been infected and 342,000 have died, according to the Johns Hopkins tally that experts have said undercounted the true toll. The Associated Press contributed to this report.
25438239|https://www.foxnews.com/politics/gop-sues-california-newsom-vote-by-mail-order-illegal-power-grab-claim|20200525_071444 - 10 mins ago|GOP groups sue California Gov. Newsom, claim vote-by-mail order is 'brazen power grab'|Get all the latest news on coronavirus and more delivered daily to your inbox. Sign up here. The Republican National Committee, National Republican Congressional Committee and California Republican Party sued Gov. Gavin Newsom and the state's Secretary of State Alex Padilla on Sunday, claiming an executive order sending mail-in ballots to all registered voters in the state is an "illegal power grab" that invites potential fraud. Newsom's order, aimed at allowing voters to avoid exposure to coronavirus, will send ballots to all registered voters including inactive voters. This has led to concerns that ballots sent to people who have moved or died will end up being filled out and submitted anyway unless voter rolls are inspected and cleaned out before ballots are mailed. Many Republicans have expressed concern that Democrats could try using these ballots improperly, to swing races in their favor. NEWSOM ORDER SENDING MAIL-IN BALLOTS TO ALL CALIFORNIA VOTERS SPARKS CONCERNS "In a direct usurpation of the legislature's authority, Governor Newsom issued an executive order purporting to rewrite the entire election code for the November 2020 election cycle," read the complaint, filed Sunday in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of California. "This brazen power grab was not authorized by state law and violates both the Elections Clause and Electors Clause of the U.S. Constitution." The lawsuit claimed Newsom "has created a recipe for disaster" by ordering ballots be sent to everyone registered to vote including inactive voters, arguing that "it invites fraud." The Republicans also claimed that by giving Newsom the sole power over determining where and if in-person voting will take place, it will lead to "arbitrary and disparate treatment of individual voters," violating the Fourteenth Amendment's Equal Protection Clause. As examples of potential foul play, the complaint noted that mailed ballots easily could be intercepted by the wrong parties if they're mistakenly sent to the wrong addresses or if the recipients lived in large residential buildings. Additionally, the Republicans wrote, voters could be susceptible to pressure from others when voting outside the private, secret confines of a voting booth. The Republicans also claimed such large-scale mail-in voting could lead to misconduct involving third-party ballot collecters. The complaint sought an injunction against the order's enforcement and declaratory judgment from the court deeming it unlawful. "Democrats continue to use this pandemic as a ploy to implement their partisan election agenda, and Governor Newsom’s executive order is the latest direct assault on the integrity of our elections," RNC Chairwoman Ronna McDaniel said in a statement. "Newsom's illegal power grab is a recipe for disaster that would destroy the confidence Californians deserve to have in the security of their vote." Fox News reached out to Newsom's office for comment but did not get a response. CLICK HERE FOR FULL CORONAVIRUS COVERAGE Former Rep. Darrell Issa, R-Calif., filed his own lawsuit against Newsom over the order last week. Issa, who has been running for former Rep. Duncan Hunter's seat in the wake of his resignation, claimed in his complaint that Newsom's order could cause the "votes of countless voters to be thrown out or not counted." It also claimed Issa's campaign costs would increase and it would force him to "reevaluate his electoral strategy," Politico and Courthouse News reported. Newsom and other Democrats, however, said the coronavirus pandemic warranted taking the drastic step of sending absentee ballots to everyone so voters did not have to expose themselves to crowds at polling sites, thus risking catching or spreading COVID-19. "Elections and the right to vote are foundational to our democracy," Newsom said in a statement after signing the order earlier this month. "No Californian should be forced to risk their health in order to exercise their right to vote." CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP Newsom recognized when he announced the order that mail-in voting was not necessarily ideal, and emphasized that Californians would continue to have access to in-person voting sites, so mail-in ballots will not be required. "Mail-in ballots aren’t a perfect solution for every person, and I look forward to our public health experts and the secretary of state's and the legislature's continued partnership to create safer in-person opportunities for Californians who aren't able to vote by mail," he said. Fox News’ Adam Shaw, Brie Stimson and Gregg Re contributed to this report.
534146|https://www.foxnews.com/health/fauci-says-extended-stay-home-orders-could-cause-irreparable-damage|20200525_092904 - 1 day ago|Fauci says extended stay-home orders could cause ‘irreparable damage’|Get all the latest news on coronavirus and more delivered daily to your inbox. Sign up here. Stay-home orders that extend too long could cause the U.S. “irreparable damage,” Dr. Anthony Fauci warned Friday. Strict crackdowns on large gatherings and other orders, such as for home quarantines, were needed when the coronavirus first hit the nation, but those rules can now begin to be lifted in many parts of the country, Fauci said during an interview on CNBC. “I don’t want people to think that any of us feel that staying locked down for a prolonged period of time is the way to go,” the member of the White House coronavirus task force said. TRUMP ANNOUNCES HOUSES OF WORSHIP ARE 'ESSENTIAL,' CALLS ON GOVERNORS TO OPEN THEM UP “But now is the time, depending upon where you are and what your situation is, to begin to seriously look at reopening the economy, reopening the country to try to get back to some degree of normal.” He warned, however, against reckless reopenings and called for the use of “very significant precautions” as restrictions are lifted. “In general, I think most of the country is doing it in a prudent way,” he said. “There are obviously some situations where people might be jumping over that. I just say, ‘Please, proceed with caution if you’re going to do that.’” Fauci’s comments came one day after two top Republicans – Sen. Rand Paul of Kentucky and Rep. Andy Biggs of Arizona – wrote in an op-ed that Fauci’s initial safety recommendations had “emasculated” the nation’s health care system and “ruined” its economy. “Fauci and company have relied on models that were later found to be deficient. He even has suggested that he can’t rely on any of the models, especially if the underlying assumptions are wrong,” the pair wrote in USA Today. “Yet, Fauci persists in advocating policies that have emasculated the medical care system and ruined the economy.” RAND PAUL SAYS FAUCI'S POLICIES 'EMASCULATED' MEDICAL CARE SYSTEM, 'RUINED' ECONOMY They also pointed to Fauci's testimony last week before a Senate committee that opening too soon would “result in needless suffering and death.” “What about the countless stories of needless suffering and death produced by Fauci’s one-size-fits-all approach to public health?” Paul and Biggs asked. They called for policies based on trusting the risk assessment of the American people rather than a federal government mandate. Earlier Friday, Fauci said it was “conceivable” that the U.S. could begin to distribute a coronavirus vaccine by December. CLICK HERE FOR COMPLETE CORONAVIRUS COVERAGE “Back in January of this year when we started the phase 1 trial, I said it would likely be between a year and 18 months before we would have a vaccine,” Fauci said during an interview on NPR. “I think that schedule is still intact. “I think it is conceivable,” he continued, “if we don’t run into things that are, as they say, unanticipated setbacks, that we could have a vaccine that we could be beginning to deploy at the end of this calendar year, December 2020, or into January, 2021.” Fox News’ Morgan Phillips contributed to this story.
90116682|https://www.foxnews.com/media/lisa-boothe-biden-2020-campaign-digital-rally|20200525_094345 - 9 mins ago|Lisa Boothe: How can Biden staffers run presidential campaign 'when they can't even run a virtual rally?'|Get all the latest news on coronavirus and more delivered daily to your inbox. Sign up here. Fox News contributor Lisa Boothe said new digital efforts in the 2020 presidential race will "certainly benefit" the Trump campaign as former Vice President Joe Biden trails behind the president's team on the online battleground. "When we look at how disastrous these virtual rallies have been for Joe Biden, it's easy to laugh," Boothe said on Sunday's "The Next Revolution." "But, the better question to ask yourself is, 'How can they run a presidential campaign when they can't even run a virtual rally?"' THE LATEST FROM FOX NEWS ON THE 2020 PRESIDENTIAL CAMPAIGN The Biden campaign recently has expanded its staff in preparation for the general election after weeks of struggling behind the Trump team's digital operation. The online battleground is likely to be a major focus of the campaign since most traditional campaign avenues have been closed off due to the coronavirus pandemic. The former vice president has spoken at several recent virtual events from the basement of his Delaware home. In one disastrous appearance earlier this month, Biden tried to hold a campaign rally for voters in Tampa, Fla., but encountered a string of glitches, drawing mockery from Republicans and media outlets instead. BIDEN CAMPAIGN REACHES OUT TO 'DISAFFECTED REPUBLICANS' "That speaks to the weakness of the Biden campaign," Boothe said, "and we also saw that in the primary and I think because the dynamics are going to look different, there's gonna be an emphasis on the digital front which certainly benefits the Trump campaign."
56708262|https://www.foxnews.com/us/georgia-boy-17-youngest-state-die-coronavirus|20200525_110647 - 3 mins ago|Georgia teen becomes youngest in the state to die from coronavirus|Get all the latest news on coronavirus and more delivered daily to your inbox. Sign up here. A 17-year-old Georgia boy has died from the coronavirus, becoming the youngest person in the state to be killed by the disease, officials announced on Sunday. The Georgia Emergency Management Agency released a situation report on Sunday which showed a 17-year-old was recently added to the list of fatalities from the virus. The teenager from Fulton County has yet to be identified, although he was listed on the Georgia Department of Public Health (DPH) website as having a pre-existing condition. His death was confirmed by Nancy Nydam, a spokeswoman for the DPH, according to the Atlanta Journal-Constitution. ATLANTA EMPLOYEE ARRESTED FOR ALLEGEDLY LYING ABOUT COVID-10, FBI SAYS Before Sunday, the youngest known death in the state linked to COVID-19 was a 22-year-old woman from West Georgia, the paper reported. While the coronavirus in normally less severe in children -- who typically have only mild symptoms -- the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) issued an advisory on earlier this month regarding a severe inflammatory condition found in children believed to be associated with the disease. Doctors describe the inflammatory condition (MIS-C), to be similar to Kawasaki disease, a rare illness that causes swelling in medium-sized arteries throughout the body. MIS-C can cause persistent fever and symptoms that include hypotension, rashes, gastrointestinal symptoms such as vomiting and diarrhea, as well as elevated inflammatory markers, the CDC said. CDC ISSUES HEALTH ADVISORY ABOUT MYSTERIOUS CORONAVIRUS-RELATED CONDITION FOUND IN CHILDREN The condition was reported in recent weeks in pediatric coronavirus cases in a handful of U.S. states and elsewhere. It's raised concern for doctors in New York and California as well as those abroad in the United Kingdom. "Healthcare providers who have cared or are caring for patients younger than 21 years of age meeting MIS-C criteria should report suspected cases to their local, state, or territorial health department," the CDC advisory said. Last week, Georgia DPH said nine children had been confirmed to have MIS-C, the AJC reported. Nydam told the paper in an email that the department hasn't confirmed any deaths from MIS-C in the state. CLICK HERE FOR MORE CORONAVIRUS COVERAGE In Atlanta, a team of infectious disease and cardiology experts are currently evaluating several cases of the severe inflammatory condition, a spokesperson for Children’s Healthcare of Atlanta said, according to the city's WSB-TV. It can reportedly affect children and young adults up to 21 years of age. Georgia has more than 42,902 confirmed coronavirus cases and at least 1,827 deaths from the virus as of Sunday night, according to data from Johns Hopkins University.
71367038|https://www.foxnews.com/us/window-to-file-for-government-health-insurance-approaching-for-coronavirus-filers|20200525_130520 - 1 min ago|Window to file for government health insurance approaching for coronavirus filers|Get all the latest news on coronavirus and more delivered daily to your inbox. Sign up here. WASHINGTON — Many laid-off workers who lost health insurance in the coronavirus shutdown soon face the first deadlines to qualify for fallback coverage under the Affordable Care Act. Taxpayer-subsidized health insurance is available for a modest cost — sometimes even free — across the country, but industry officials and independent researchers say few people seem to know how to find it. For those who lost their health insurance as layoffs mounted at the end of March, a 60-day “special enrollment” period for individual coverage under the ACA closes next week in most states. Altheia Franklin, who lives near Houston, lost her medical plan after being laid off from a job at an upscale retirement community, as a counselor to seniors making the move. Stay-at-home orders and higher virus risks for older people have put such life transitions on hold in the pandemic. WHITE HOUSE WON'T MODIFY ARGUMENT BEFORE SUPREME COURT ON INVALIDATING OBAMACARE Franklin said she received plenty of government information about coronavirus safety and economic stimulus payments, but “the insurance piece just has not been mentioned.” She scrambled and finally found an ACA — or “Obamacare” — plan she could still afford on a reduced income. “We are in the middle of a pandemic, and God forbid if I get sick and I don't have it," she said of her health insurance. The nonpartisan Kaiser Family Foundation estimates that nearly 27 million workers and family members had lost job-based health coverage as of the start of this month, a number now likely higher with unemployment claims rising. In a counter-intuitive finding, Kaiser's study also estimated that nearly 8 in 10 of the newly uninsured would likely qualify for some sort of coverage under former President Barack Obama's health law, either a private plan like Franklin found, or Medicaid. SUPREME COURT RULES GOVERNMENT MUST PAY INSURERS ENROLLED IN OBAMACARE PROGRAM “The ACA is there as a safety net for the first time in an economic downturn,” said Kaiser foundation expert Larry Levitt. But “many people losing their jobs have never had to think of relying on the ACA for coverage, so there is no reason they should be aware of their options.” There are several options, not easy to sort through. Some have application deadlines; others do not. And the Trump administration, which still plans to ask the Supreme Court later this summer to declare “Obamacare” unconstitutional, is doing little to promote the health law's coverage. Here's a quick look: SUBSIDIZED PRIVATE INSURANCE Like Altheia Franklin, people who lose workplace insurance generally have 60 days from when their coverage ended to apply for an ACA plan. They can go to the federal HealthCare.gov or their state's health insurance website. Most states that run their own health insurance marketplaces have provided an extended sign-up period for people who lost coverage in the pandemic. The federal marketplace, serving most of the country, has not. MEDICAID FOR ADULTS Nearly three-fourths of the states have expanded Medicaid to low-income adults under the Obama health law. In those states, low-income adults can qualify for free or very low cost coverage. There is no sign-up deadline. The Kaiser foundation estimates that nearly 13 million people who lost job-based insurance are eligible for Medicaid. But that option is not available in most Southern states, as well as some in the Midwest and Plains, because they have not expanded Medicaid. CHILDREN'S HEALTH INSURANCE Laid-off workers should be able to get their children covered even if the adults in the family cannot help. The federal-state Children's Health Insurance Program and Medicaid cover kids in families with incomes well above the poverty level. “Medicaid is open year round if you are a parent with kids who need coverage,” said Joan Alker, director of the Center for Children and Families at Georgetown University. Children's coverage predates the ACA. COBRA People can continue their employer coverage under a federal law known as COBRA, but they have to pay 102% of the premium — too much for most who are out of work. If there's another coronavirus bill from Congress, it might include subsidies for COBRA coverage. Government statistics on people losing —and finding— health insurance coverage in the coronavirus contraction won't be available for months. The head of a California company that helps people find ACA coverage says most of the new sign-ups they're seeing are people who qualify for Medicaid, and there's been only a modest uptick for subsidized private plans. SUPREME COURT APPEARS SPLIT ALONG IDEOLOGICAL LINES DURING ARGUMENTS IN OBAMACARE CONTRACEPTION CASE “We are all wondering where the heck is everybody,” said George Kalogeropoulos, CEO of Health Sherpa. “People first are trying to apply for unemployment, and many of them getting stuck there,” he added. “Health care is the secondary thing, and if they get stuck in unemployment, people may never do the health care thing.” Alker, the Georgetown University expert, said insurance protection has been neglected in the pandemic. CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP “Having health insurance has never been more important,” she said. “We need a national commitment to make these newly uninsured people aware of their options."
82084002|https://www.foxnews.com/us/wwii-veteran-beats-covid-19-honored-during-100th-birthday-after-being-fight-life|20200525_131518 - 5 mins ago|WWII veteran beats COVID-19, honored on 100th birthday|Get all the latest news on coronavirus and more delivered daily to your inbox. Sign up here. An Army Air Corps veteran who survived WWII has now beaten the coronavirus after being "in the fight of his life," according to a report on Friday. John MacKay, 100, is currently housed at Holyoke Soldiers' Home in Massachusetts, which is described as having the deadliest known outbreak at a long-term care facility in the U.S. The home has seen at least 70 veterans killed by the virus. “It’s a miracle. It is,” said his daughter, Susan Regensburger, according to Boston's WFXT. “He is a fighter." SCORES OF VETERANS KILLED IN 'HORRIFIC' CORONAVIRUS OUTBREAK AT MASSACHUSETTS ELDER CARE FACILITY Regensburger said their family was told to make funeral arrangements. Now, MacKay is recovered and seems to be in good spirits. He was honored for his 100th birthday earlier this month by friends, family, and National Guard members who stood outside his second-floor window and gave him a ceremonial salute, according to a video posted on YouTube. The large group, wearing face masks, would later serenade him by singing, "Happy Birthday." Some wore wearing special t-shirts to celebrate the occasion. A large sign with his face on the front was also captured in the video being held by two people. AMERICA TOGETHER: UPLIFTING IMAGES FROM ACROSS THE COUNTRY Its back read, “Happy 100th birthday to our hero," according to masslive.com. The centennial was also seen video chatting with his children, grandchildren, and great-grandchildren during his birthday celebration on May 15. When asked how he felt turning 100, he replied, “Wonderful, I didn’t feel 100 until this moment. Now I know I feel 100." MacKay said that his secret to making it to triple digits is, "to live a good life and be happy." Regensburger added that he hasn't complained much amid the deadly outbreak at the veterans' home, which as of April 29, claimed the lives of nearly one-third of all residents. Even though the centennial is recovered, he's still residing at the COVID-19 wing, according to WFXT. CLICK HERE FOR MORE CORONAVIRUS COVERAGE While MacKay doesn't ask for much, his daughter told the station there is one thing he does want, "to be with my family."
43448103|https://www.foxnews.com/us/trump-says-hes-no-longer-taking-anti-malaria-drug-hydroxychloroquine|20200525_152938 - 8 mins ago|Trump says he's no longer taking hydroxychloroquine|Get all the latest news on coronavirus and more delivered daily to your inbox. Sign up here. President Trump said that he is no longer on hydroxychloroquine, the anti-malarial drug he has been taking for several weeks as a treatment to ward off the coronavirus. “Finished, just finished,” Trump told “Full Measure with Sharyl Attkisson” during an interview that aired Sunday on Sinclair Broadcasting. “And by the way, I’m still here. To the best of my knowledge, here I am.” Last Monday, Trump revealed he had started taking the drug “a couple of weeks ago.” TRUMP DEFENDS TAKING HYDROXYCHLOROQUINE, HITS BACK AT PELOSI AS 'SICK' The president said he’d received letters and calls from doctors extolling the drug’s benefits and that the White House physician consented to him taking it. “I’ve heard a lot of good stories. And if it is not good, I will tell you, right. I’m not going to get hurt by it. It has been around for 40 years for malaria, for lupus, for other things,” Trump had said. The Food and Drug Administration, however, has warned about using the drug for coronavirus treatment outside of hospitals or clinical trials due to the risk of heart problems. CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP A study published Friday in The Lancet medical journal found that COVID-19 patients were more likely to develop serious heart arrhythmias if treated with hydroxychloroquine. CLICK FOR MORE FROM THE NEW YORK POST
37466547|https://www.foxnews.com/us/customer-speaks-out-2-missouri-hair-stylists-tested-positive-worked-coronavirus-symptoms|20200525_152944 - 9 mins ago|Customer speaks out on possible coronavirus exposure at Missouri hair salon|Get all the latest news on coronavirus and more delivered daily to your inbox. Sign up here. A customer who was potentially exposed to the coronavirus at a Great Clips in Missouri is speaking out after two hairstylists at the barbershop allegedly worked with COVID-19 symptoms before testing positive for the virus, reports said. Erik Chase said he was informed by the Springfield-Greene County Health Department on Saturday that he may have been in contact with someone who tested positive at the barbershop. He's one of the dozens of clients being tracked down by contact tracing investigators after they were potentially exposed "Now I'm someone directly affected by COVID and I never thought that it would be so close to home," Chase told KY3 News. "It's a big deal. It definitely gives me great concern. SECOND MISSOURI STYLIST WHO WORKED WITH CORONAVIRUS SYMPTOMS TESTS POSITIVE; 147 CLIENTS, CO-WORKERS EXPOSED Chase visited the Great Clips in Springfield on May 17, where he saw all customers were wearing masks, but some stylists who were not. He added that the stylist who cut his hair was not wearing gloves. Health officials previously stated that both stylists, as well as all their clients, wore masks. He's one of the 147 people that could have been exposed to the virus due to the actions of the two employees, according to health officials. Chase said he's one of the 84 clients that got their hair cut by a hairstylist that worked from May 12-20. Seven co-workers were potentially infected during that time. "They should've stayed home," he told the website. "I also think that the employer had a great responsibility that if one of their employees wasn't feeling well, especially with this pandemic, to send their employee home." The other stylist potentially exposed 56 clients to the virus after working from May 16-20 “while experiencing very mild symptoms but potentially infectious." “At this time, this is the only other positive result we have had from those tested as a result of the previous exposure,” the department said in a press release. MISSOURI HAIRSTYLIST WENT TO WORK WITH CORONAVIRUS SYMPTOMS, EXPOSED 91 CLIENTS, CO-WORKERS: OFFICIALS Chase said from the time he entered the Great Clips to the day he was actually notified, he contacted roughly 15 to 20 people. "So I don't think that the story is ending any time soon, I think the saga continues," Chase added, according to the report. He told the website that health officials advised him to stay at home until May 31. Chase said he needs to take his temperature twice a day and provide updates with the health department before he's tested for the virus this week. Great Clips Inc. later provided a statement to KY3 News. "Both stylists are following medical advice and taking appropriate actions, and the local health department notified individuals who came in close contact with those stylists. The franchise owners have closed the salon to undergo additional sanitization and deep cleaning, consistent with guidance from health officials," the statement said. CLICK HERE FOR MORE CORONAVIRUS COVERAGE Missouri hair salons and other non-essential businesses were ordered to close during the state's stay-at-home order. They were cleared to reopen on May 4, according to the Kansas City Star. Fox News' Danielle Wallace contributed to this report
871389|https://www.foxnews.com/opinion/martha-mcsally-coronavirus-covid-19-do-things-afraid|20200525_160734 - 6 mins ago|Sen. Martha McSally: In coronavirus fight to win against COVID-19 we must do things afraid|Get all the latest news on coronavirus and more delivered daily to your inbox. Sign up here. In September 2005, I was preparing for a “routine” A-10 combat mission in the skies over Afghanistan. Suddenly, our two planes were re-tasked to aid a team of U.S. special forces under hostile fire in a canyon in the south. Engines racing, we thundered down the runway and lifted off. When we reached the canyon, the departing A-10 pilot told me where to find my target: look for a particular tree near a curve in the rocky terrain. I made contact with the controller on the ground in charge of calling in the airstrike; he used a pocket mirror to shine the sun in my eyes so that I could see his location. SEN. MARTHA MCSALLY: CORONAVIRUS WILL BE DEFEATED BY HEALTH CARE HEROES – WE MUST GET THEM WHAT THEY NEED U.S. troops and insurgents were intermixed along the canyon walls, making the risk of friendly fire high. I found the target, and just as I set up my plane to start a deep dive to fire my 30 mm gun, my entire electronic cockpit display failed. Called the Heads-Up Display, or HUD, it was the screen that showed all the aircraft’s critical flight and navigation information. It was also what I used to fire my weapons with total precision to hit my target. It was dead. And no amount of procedural checklist efforts could bring it back. For as long as I had been flying the A-10, pilots were told that our entire HUD would probably never fail. Portions might degrade, but the whole display would most likely not go dark. But mine had. I now had a choice: end the mission, wait at a high altitude with low fuel as another combat pair headed my way, risking that the U.S. troops on the ground would be over-run by insurgents, or make my attack run using essentially World War II tactics and math calculations that I had to write on a board strapped to my thigh. I knew immediately that my mission was more important than my fears. I lined up my plane, told the controller on the ground I was coming “in hot,” and began my dive toward the ground and the target, flying at speeds of up to 350 miles per hour. I had about four seconds to make corrections on the final attack. My choice that day is the same choice that millions of Americans have suddenly faced due to the COVID-19 pandemic: the choice to do things afraid. Each day, doctors, nurses, custodians, EMTs, grocery store workers, truck and delivery drivers, farmers and ranchers, warehouse and food processing workers, small business owners, and so many more have been asked to do their jobs afraid. Doing things afraid isn’t about being reckless or cavalier. Doing things afraid is an intentional, deliberate process of learning how to confront fear and then moving forward in spite of it. CLICK HERE TO GET THE OPINION NEWSLETTER On my flight that day, I was fortunate; I had the benefit of years of training and the support of an entire ground crew. I felt the nauseating fear of failure, but I knew I must find the confidence to push through it, overcome, and do what was needed. Today, as a nation, we need to give that same confidence and courage to those who serve others and are potentially putting themselves at risk, and to those who have lost jobs and businesses during this economic turmoil. Our support takes many forms, from ensuring that they have the best protection for their personal safety; to increasing testing, especially for those in high-risk environments; to finding ways to provide vital financial support for small businesses in need – and not special favors for well-connected special interests. Those of us in government have a heightened responsibility to be problem-solvers, not problem creators. Each of us needs to keep following safe health practices as our country reopens. And we need to keep our situational awareness: the original bad actors who placed all of us in this position are the Chinese communist leaders, who punished their own citizens for speaking out and decided to conceal the truth of COVID-19 from every other nation in the world. Let us unite and remember that, not partisan squabbling. CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP The many unknowns surrounding COVID-19 may make it feel as if our national HUD has failed. We are in uncharted territory and conditions may be challenging for some time. But in the last few months, I have seen so much courage, so many people who, despite the risks, have chosen to “do things afraid” for the higher good. What ultimately happened in the Afghan canyon? Under the watchful cover of my wingman, I hit my target. He followed me, and, together, we launched five more strikes to keep our fellow Americans alive. The entire special forces team was safely extracted that night. We all succeeded that day, thanks to preparation, grit, and no small amount of prayer. I am confident that in the coming months, our county can do the same. CLICK HERE TO READ MORE FROM SEN. MARTHA McSALLY
12699946|https://www.foxnews.com/science/the-cdc-is-lumping-positive-covid-19-viral-and-antibody-tests-together-heres-why-thats-bad|20200525_160742 - 7 mins ago|The CDC is lumping positive COVID-19 viral and antibody tests together: Here's why that's bad|The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) and several state health departments have been reporting COVID-19 diagnostic tests and antibody tests as one grand tally, rather than keeping their results separate, The Atlantic reported. Reporting these numbers as a lump sum, rather than two distinct data points, presents several major issues. Namely, combining the numbers could make America's diagnostic testing capabilities and testing rates appear higher than they actually are, according to The Atlantic. And as the tests serve profoundly different purposes, "positive" results from either test cannot be interpreted in the same way. Reporting all the positive results together, as one number, could skew our understanding of how many new COVID-19 cases emerge over time — a crucial metric to help control outbreaks as states begin reopening. Related: 11 (sometimes) deadly diseases that hopped across species When told how the CDC chose to lump the results of both tests together, director of the Harvard Global Health Institute Ashish Jha told The Atlantic, "You've got to be kidding me ... How could the CDC make that mistake? This is a mess." Diagnostic tests for COVID-19 work by detecting viral genetic material in nasal swabs, throat swabs and saliva samples collected from patients, Live Science previously reported. The tests, although not 100% accurate, can reveal whether a given patient has an active COVID-19 infection right now, at the time of testing. New, saliva-based tests appear to be more reliable than the swab-based tests, in terms of minimizing false results. Antibody tests cannot be used to diagnose an active COVID-19 infection; rather, the tests scan patient blood samples for evidence of past infections. During infection, the body mounts an immune response against the virus by building specific antibodies — molecules that latch onto the virus and help neutralize it, Live Science previously reported. A positive antibody test result would indicate that the person has already been exposed to the virus and likely already recovered from an infection. If a person tests negative on an antibody test, they could still have an active COVID-19 infection, as their body has yet to build up enough specific antibodies to be detected by the tests. A positive antibody test result may also indicate that the individual is now somewhat immune to the pathogen; however, more reliable antibody tests and more clinical data are needed to know if a positive antibody test actually implies immunity and how long that immunity might last. "The viral [diagnostic] testing is to understand how many people are getting infected, while antibody testing is like looking in the rearview mirror," Jha told The Atlantic. "The two tests are totally different signals." Combining these two signals makes the data difficult to interpret and could be misleading to the public, because the combined number does not reflect the rate of new infection (and the number of infectious people circulating) in their region, William Hanage, an epidemiology professor at the Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health, told The Atlantic. "Combining a test that is designed to detect current infection with a test that detects infection at some point in the past is just really confusing and muddies the water," he said. In addition, people are most likely to receive a diagnostic test if they're suspected to be infected, meaning they're showing symptoms of the disease or have been in contact with an infected person. Antibody tests can be given to anyone, and because relatively few people are thought to have been infected with COVID-19 across the U.S., many antibody tests may come back negative. If combined with diagnostic test results, antibody test results could artificially lower the percentage of positive tests out of the total. The percentage of positive diagnostic tests provides a sense of how much virus is currently circulating in a community, and if skewed, that warped statistic could wrongly influence public health policy decisions. In addition to the CDC, Pennsylvania, Texas, Georgia and Vermont also report their diagnostic and antibody test results as one grand total, according to The Atlantic. Virginia and Maine previously blended their data, as well, but they have started reporting the numbers separately within the past week. According to The Atlantic's COVID Tracking Project, COVID-19 testing capacity in the U.S. has more than doubled over the past month, increasing from about 147,000 tests a day in mid-April to more than 413,000 tests a day as of May 20. Simultaneously, the proportion of positive tests recorded each week fell from 10% to 6% of total tests conducted. Both trends appear encouraging at face value, but given that diagnostic and antibody tests are sometimes being lumped together, it's impossible to know whether the data reflects reality, The Atlantic reported. When asked about the mess-up, CDC spokesperson Kristen Nordlund said that the agency "hopes" to separate the data on their COVID Data Tracker within the next few weeks. Originally published on Live Science.
63882086|https://www.foxnews.com/entertainment/knight-rider-rebecca-holden-proud-american-memorial-day|20200525_160751 - 7 mins ago|'Knight Rider' star Rebecca Holden says to 'give meaning and purpose' to the sacrifices of fallen soldiers|Get all the latest news on coronavirus and more delivered daily to your inbox. Sign up here. Rebecca Holden wants to make sure our fallen soldiers aren’t forgotten on Memorial Day. The former “Knight Rider” star told Fox News she’s using the somber holiday to reflect on what makes her proud to be an American, especially during the coronavirus crisis. “We can honor our fallen soldiers by living every day the values and the American way of life for which they fought,” the actress told Fox News. “By striving every day to be a good citizen of this country and to uphold the principles that they held dear. We [then] give meaning and purpose to their sacrifice.” For the 61-year-old, the day hits close to home. ‘TOP GUN’ STAR RICK ROSSOVICH RECALLS WORKING WITH TOM CRUISE, VAL KILMER: WE ‘WERE LIKE BROTHERS’ MEGHAN MARKLE, PRINCE HARRY ‘SHOULD LIVE WHERE THEIR HEARTS TELL THEM,’ SAYS 'AMERICAN PIE' SINGER DON MCLEAN “My father served in World War II and I have wonderful memories of sitting around our dinner table, listening to his stories of the war, discussing what our country stands for and why those values were worth fighting for,” she said. “I cherish those times with my dad because he instilled in me a love of this country. When I perform patriotic songs or sing our national anthem and I see our veterans stand and salute our flag, emotion wells up in me. I feel so blessed to have been born an American.” “What makes me most proud to be an American is that America is the light of the world,” she continued. “Because our country was founded on principles of liberty, justice and equality. It has prospered, and therefore, it has been in a position to bring hope to people around the globe in times of need.” ‘LEAVE IT TO BEAVER’ STAR JERRY MATHERS REACTS TO CO-STAR KEN OSMOND’S DEATH: ‘I WILL GREATLY MISS HIM’ BILL FARMER, THE VOICE OF DISNEY’S GOOFY, SAYS HE ORIGINALLY AUDITIONED FOR MICKEY MOUSE Holden said she is aware that it can be difficult at times to keep a positive outlook during a devastating pandemic. However, she hopes the country and its people will continue to serve as inspiration and uplift spirits as people look toward the future. “In challenging times, America has always had the fortitude to ride above difficulty,” Holden said. “In this time of our current crisis, we must endure, hold onto each other and be united in purpose to overcome. I have great faith in our president. His leadership will turn this country around and our nation will indeed thrive again!” ‘SCHOOLED’ STAR AJ MICHALKA SAYS HOLLYWOOD WILL ‘GET USED TO A ... NEW NORMAL’ AMID THE CORONAVIRUS PANDEMIC ‘DALLAS’ STAR CHARLENE TILTON SAYS FAITH HAS KEPT HER OUT OF ‘DARK PLACES’ DURING CORONAVIRUS PANDEMIC These days, Holden has been keeping busy pursuing her passion for music. She recently released a video for the song “I Believe,” which she re-recorded with Little Anthony. The original track was released in 1953 by Frankie Laine. Holden said she wanted to help create an inspirational video dedicated to the families who have been impacted by COVID-19, as well as the frontline workers. “We wanted to create a video to pay tribute to everyone who has been touched by the crisis and to express our gratitude, not only to our leaders and experts who are guiding us through it but also to all the patriotic Americans who are working hard to rebuild, overcome, heal our nation and to help our country thrive again,” she explained. “Music has always been a powerful up-lifter of the spirits in challenging times. It can inspire hope that there is indeed light at the end of this tunnel.” In November 2019, Holden told Fox News that she wouldn’t be surprised if her conservative values may have gotten in the way of nabbing roles over the years. “I certainly don’t discount the possibility,” she said. “Not that people were ever so blatant to say so. But I’m very patriotic. I’m proud of my beliefs, and I’m always up for a healthy debate. I know a lot of people are afraid to admit they’re conservative due to fear of repercussions, but I’m not ashamed. I’m proud. I’m not shy about standing up on principle. NATALIE WOOD’S DAUGHTER CALLS ROBERT WAGNER ‘COURAGEOUS’ FOR SPEAKING OUT IN DOC: ‘I WAS JUST SO PROUD OF HIM’ ‘M*A*S*H’ STAR LORETTA SWIT SAYS SHE’S USING HER TIME IN QUARANTINE TO HONOR HEROES: ‘THEY ARE OUR LIFELINE’ “I think that our way of government and the government our founders create is a miracle. It created a miracle of a country that is unlike any other country in the world… We have the freedom to help others around the world. My father served in WWII proudly. We had many discussions around our family dinner table about our country… I love this country and I am always at its service.” Holden’s career may have taken an unlikely turn, but she wouldn’t have had it any other way, she said. “I love life,” she added. “I cherish every moment… I think God has given us all unique abilities and gifts… And I think he put the dream in our hearts to motivate us to use those gifts for the betterment of the world, for the betterment of others. And it’s our duty to do so… That’s what I try to do.”
28228189|https://www.foxnews.com/politics/president-trump-indicates-he-wants-reopen-schools-watching-steve-hilton-segment|20200525_163110 - just in|Trump says schools in US should be opened 'ASAP'|Get all the latest news on coronavirus and more delivered daily to your inbox. Sign up here. President Trump urged for the reopening of school throughout the U.S. on Sunday, as most remain closed to limit the coronavirus spread and protect the health of students during the pandemic. His tweet was an apparent reaction to similar comments from Fox News' Steve Hilton on his program "The Next Revolution." Trump tagged Hilton and Fox News in a tweet Sunday where he mentioned reopening schools "ASAP." "Schools in our country should be opened ASAP. Much very good information now available. @SteveHiltonx @FoxNews," Trump wrote. CHINA WARNS US AGAINST SPARKING COLD WAR Hilton had demanded on his show the need to, "Get on with it and reopen schools now before you do even more needless damage." Hilton said using masks to stop the virus' spread seems appropriate, but said measures like temperature checks seem to be "totally pointless." He also called certain social distancing rules as "totally arbitrary." "Only one or two people allowed in an elevator at one time, good luck trying to reopen New York on that," he said. Hilton cited some studies that suggested students can't transmit the virus to others. He also referenced an NPR report this month that said the mental health of children has been impacted as they stay at home during the coronavirus outbreak. Dr. Anthony Fauci, the director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, was cautious about reopening schools -- even in the fall -- due to the emergence of a severe inflammatory condition found in children believed to be associated with the coronavirus. TRUMP'S NATIONAL SECURITY ADVISER SAYS CHINA RESPONSE TO CORONAVIRUS WAS LIKE CHERNOBYL While the coronavirus in typically less harmful in children -- who typically have only mild symptoms -- the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) issued an advisory earlier this month regarding the potentially severe condition. Doctors describe the inflammatory condition (MIS-C), to be similar to Kawasaki disease, a rare illness that causes swelling in medium-sized arteries throughout the body. MIS-C can cause persistent fever and symptoms that include hypotension, rashes, gastrointestinal symptoms such as vomiting and diarrhea, as well as elevated inflammatory markers, the CDC said. At least four children have died of apparent MIS-C in recent weeks, the Washington Post reported. CLICK HERE FOR MORE CORONAVIRUS COVERAGE "We don't know everything about this virus, and we really better be very careful, particularly when it comes to children," Fauci said, according to NPR. A POLITICO/Morning Consult poll published last week found that 41 percent of Americans think it's a bad idea to reopen schools this fall, while about one-third thought it was a good idea.
21820245|https://www.foxnews.com/health/coronavirus-in-us-state-by-state-breakdown|20200525_170149 - May 7|Coronavirus in the US: State-by-state breakdown|Get all the latest news on coronavirus and more delivered daily to your inbox. Sign up here. As of Monday morning, the novel coronavirus has infected more than 5,421,679 people across 188 countries and territories, resulting in over 345,223 deaths. In the U.S., all 50 states plus the District of Columbia have reported confirmed cases of COVID-19, tallying over 1,643,499 illnesses and at least 97,722 deaths. Here's a look at the 10 states with the most cases: 1. New York: 361,515 cases 2. New Jersey: 154,154 cases 3. Illinois: 110,304 cases 4. California: 94,257 cases 5. Massachusetts: 92,675 cases 6. Pennsylvania: 71,563 cases 7. Texas: 55,885 cases 8. Michigan: 54,679 cases 9. Florida: 50,867 cases 10. Maryland: 46,313 cases Here's a look at the top 10 states with the most deaths: 1. New York: 29,141 deaths 2. New Jersey: 11,138 deaths 3. Massachusetts: 6,372 deaths 4. Michigan: 5,228 deaths 5. Pennsylvania: 5,136 deaths 6. Illinois: 4,856 deaths 7. California: 3,756 deaths 8. Connecticut: 3,693 deaths 9. Louisiana: 2,691 deaths 10. Maryland: 2,277 deaths CLICK HERE FOR COMPLETE CORONAVIRUS COVERAGE This file will be updated regularly.
42798983|https://www.foxnews.com/opinion/vice-president-mike-pence-memorial-day-cherish-freedoms|20200525_170639 - 6 mins ago|Vice President Mike Pence: This Memorial Day our freedoms are cherished even more. Here's why|Get all the latest news on coronavirus and more delivered daily to your inbox. Sign up here. Today is Memorial Day in America. There is a day in November when we honor all those who have served in the uniform of the United States, but today is the day when we honor all those who paid the ultimate sacrifice for our freedom. Among the fallen, most were laid to rest in the land they loved, others lie beneath white crosses in military cemeteries around the world, and others’ final resting place is known only to God. To all of them, we owe a debt of gratitude we can never repay, and this year especially, we feel the profound gratitude to our heroic fallen and their families. What we observe as Memorial Day began as Decoration Day three years after the end of the Civil War, when Americans honored fallen soldiers by decorating their final resting places with newly bloomed flowers and that “dear old flag they saved.” EMILY COMPAGNO: ON MEMORIAL DAY, I REMEMBER MY MILITARY FAMILY AND ALL WHO HAVE PAID THE ULTIMATE SACRIFICE As their commander-in-chief observed while dedicating one such resting place in Gettysburg, Pa., “it is altogether fitting and proper that we should do this” – for Americans can claim the distinction of being a freedom-loving people only if we love and cherish the memory of all those who gave their all for our freedom. It is remarkable to think that in every generation Americans have risen up and been willing to pay the ultimate price for our nation — from Bunker Hill to Belleau Wood, from San Juan Hill to Saipan, from the Coral Sea to Kandahar. CLICK HERE TO SIGN UP FOR OUR OPINION NEWSLETTER Today American soldiers, sailors, airmen, Marines and Coast Guard are deployed around the world, standing guard for our freedom, and they continue to risk their lives for our sake and the sake of our way of life. For all they have done, our fallen and their families deserve the tributes that will be recited on this day of days, but on this Memorial Day, perhaps we feel loyalty to their memory and gratitude for their service just a little more deeply, for it comes at a momentous time in the life of our nation, when all of us have been reminded just how precious our freedom truly is. From the outset of the coronavirus pandemic, the American people have made great personal sacrifices to protect the health and safety of our nation. In a very real sense, the American people have been willing to voluntarily forfeit aspects of their personal freedom to protect the lives and safety of their family, their neighbors and people they’d never met. While our doctors, nurses, health care workers and first responders rendered care for our families as if they were their own, the American people stayed home from school, from work and from worship. Some closed down a business that took a lifetime to build. They have canceled weddings and graduations. They have foregone seeing parents, grandparents and loved ones. This Memorial Day, the American people have just come through a lot. And while we grieve the loss of more than 98,000 Americans, because of the compassion and cooperation of the American people, tens of thousands of families have been spared the same heartbreaking loss. And now, all 50 states have begun to reopen in a safe and responsible manner. Even while continuing the practices that will keep our families and communities safe, we are going back to our places of work and worship. We are venturing out to stores, restaurants and the great outdoors. After going without what we once took for granted for so long, we are beginning to reclaim our freedom, which may be what makes this Memorial Day that much more special. Today we feel a greater sense than ever before just what a blessing it is to live in freedom and how much we owe to those who fought and died to give us this free country. After a time of great hardship for millions of Americans, this Memorial Day we do well to honor those who made the ultimate sacrifice for our freedom. Now more than ever, we will remember and honor all the men and women throughout the generations who defended our freedom at the cost of their lives. We will also remember the families of the fallen for whom every day is Memorial Day and assure them that our nation will never forget or fail to honor their loved ones. And as we remember those who paid the ultimate sacrifice for our freedom, we will also remember and pray for all those serving today in the Armed Forces of the United States. CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP It is Memorial Day in America. Their duty was to serve; our duty is to remember, and as our nation begins to safely and responsibly reclaim the freedoms at the heart of our way of life, let us all do our duty this day to remember and honor the memory of all who served and died for our country and our freedom. God bless them all and God bless America. CLICK HERE TO READ MORE BY VICE PRESIDENT MIKE PENCE
18438610|https://www.foxnews.com/media/pennsylvania-diner-license-revoked-after-reopening-curve-flattened-gov-wolf-too-far|20200525_183410 - 12 mins ago|Pennsylvania diner hit with suspension order after reopening: The curve is flattened, Gov. Wolf has 'gone too far'|Get all the latest news on coronavirus and more delivered daily to your inbox. Sign up here. The owners of a York, Pa. diner that reopened in defiance of state coronavirus shutdown orders called out Democrats Monday for going "too far" after the state temporarily revoked their license to operate. In an appearance on "Fox & Friends" with host Steve Doocy, Round the Clock Diner owners Dimos and Christos Sacarellos, who are father and son, said they remain open for Memorial Day customers while they appeal the order. After a recent appearance on the show, the Sacarelloses said they received notice that their two locations had been shut down, with Christos Sacarellos calling it a "tyrannical temper tantrum" by Gov. Tom Wolf. He said the restaurant has been following CDC guidelines, keeping customers six feet apart and can operate in a safe and responsible way. EMILY COMPAGNO: ON MEMORIAL DAY, I REMEMBER MY MILITARY FAMILY AND ALL WHO HAVE PAID THE ULTIMATE SACRIFICE TRUMP CAMPAIGN LAUNCHES 'YOU AIN'T BLACK' WEBSITE AMID BIDEN CONTROVERSY "This was only intended to stop the curve. This is not politics now. This is going a little bit too far. Flatten the fear. Let's get back to normal," he added, as his father Dimos argued that Democrats have an "agenda" behind keeping businesses closed. "[People] want to be free. Everyone, every customer comes in they thank us. Thank you for being open. 'Thank you' when they leave, they thank us again. It's not about the diner. It's about the American people. They want their freedom," Dimos said. Meantime, some Democrats in Pennsylvania are reportedly beginning to put some pressure on Gov. Wolf about the state’s reopening process two months after his office issued a stay-at-home order. The Philadelphia Inquirer pointed to a few recent instances where Democrats seemed eager to see bigger steps in the state's reopening, including a letter from State. Sen. Maria Collett that relayed some frustrations of residents in Montgomery County. CLICK HERE FOR THE FOX NEWS APP The letter last Tuesday informed Wolf that many in her county have seen little evidence that Wolf's administration “recognizes and sympathizes with the added physical, emotional, and financial suffering they are facing as a result of our prolonged stay-at-home conditions, which you know.” Wolf has maintained that his top priority is safety. However, like other states, residents have suffered financially from coronavirus guidelines. About 2 million Pennsylvania residents have lost their jobs since mid-March. Fox News' Edmund DeMarche contributed to this report.
15994618|https://www.foxnews.com/media/amid-coronavirus-new-york-red-bulls-connect-to-young-soccer-fans-virtually-in-local-hospitals|20200525_185724 - 8 mins ago|Amid coronavirus New York Red Bulls connect to young soccer fans virtually in local hospitals|Get all the latest news on coronavirus and more delivered daily to your inbox. Sign up here. New York Red Bulls midfielder Alex Muyl was born and raised in New York City and has seen firsthand the resiliency and importance of coming together in times of crisis. “You know, us New Yorkers, we had 9/11, we had Sandy, we had the blackouts, but we always come together through tough times,” Muyl told Fox News. “I just know we're gonna get through COVID and we're gonna lean on each other.” Banding together and helping others is just what Muyl and the New York Red Bulls are doing amid the coronavirus pandemic. The team’s players typically make in-person visits to pediatric hospitals like the K. Hovnanian Children’s Hospital in Hackensack, N.J., but now, the team is virtually visiting patients. Ashley Lucien’s 15-year-old son, Jaden, has always been a soccer and Red Bulls fan. “I have pictures of him as a baby at Red Bull Stadium watching a game,” remembered Lucien. Jaden, unfortunately, had to give up playing soccer amid his battle with kidney disease. But when his mother heard that the Red Bulls would be paying virtual visits, she knew her son would enjoy the experience. “My son was sick in bed and hardly talking to anyone and when he got on that video call, he was suddenly wide awake,” said Lucien. “For that hour that he spoke to Alex [Muyl], nothing else existed for him. He was just a kid with a really great opportunity to talk to a really cool player from his favorite team.” The Red Bulls midfielder told Fox News that he’s grateful for the opportunity to be able to give back and make connections with his team’s young fans. “As you start to talk and get to know each other, there's genuine moments of connection and laughs, and I think those are the moments that really stick out to me,” said Muyl. “Those instances where you can just talk as people, I think that's the most meaningful part.” Muyl explained that community outreach was part of the ethos of the Red Bulls organization. Amid the pandemic the club launched "TRAIN @ HOME" a free weekly youth soccer online video curriculum where players, parents, and coaches can subscribe to a video series that includes instruction on soccer fitness, understanding of the game, and team-related information. The club also launched the “Red Bulls Local Assist Program” to support the local businesses in the team’s community during COVID-19. Major League Soccer extended the moratorium on matches until at least June 8. Muyl explained to Fox News that while he’s excited to train with his team and compete against other clubs, he’s happy to be able to help his community in any capacity in the meantime. “Virtual hospital visits have been a really cool way for our team to interact with our younger fans,” he said. “I’m grateful to be giving back in any small way that I can.” For more on New York Red Bulls Midfielder Alex Muyl, watch the video above. Emily DeCiccio is a reporter and video producer for Fox News Digital Originals. Tweet her @EmilyDeCiccio.
32464317|https://www.foxnews.com/politics/trump-visits-arlington-cemetery-fort-mchenry-for-memorial-day-as-baltimore-mayor-criticizes-trip|20200525_191645 - 9 mins ago|Trump visits Arlington cemetery, Fort McHenry for Memorial Day as Baltimore mayor criticizes trip|President Trump will mark Memorial Day with appearances at Arlington National Cemetery and Baltimore’s historic Fort McHenry, honoring fallen military members while also sending a clear signal to the country that his agenda will be business-as-almost-usual amid the coronavirus pandemic. After two months of lockdowns in many states, Trump has sought to put a priority on reopening the economy while continuing to abide by CDC guidelines. Unofficially, the Memorial Day weekend has marked the start, or at least an acceleration, of that experiment in parts of the country – with many families heading to the beach and states pressing forward with loosening restrictions. BALTIMORE MAYOR TO TRUMP: STAY HOME Coinciding with this, the president played golf at his private Virginia club on Saturday and Sunday and kept a packed Memorial Day schedule – despite criticism from Baltimore’s mayor. Mayor Bernard "Jack" Young late last week urged Trump to forgo his planned visit amid the city’s stay-at-home order. "I wish that the president, as our nation's leader, would set a positive example and not travel during this holiday weekend," Young, a Democrat, said in a statement. “That President Trump is deciding to pursue nonessential travel sends the wrong message to our residents, many of whom have been disproportionately impacted by the COVID-19 virus." The price tag for the visit in terms of security and personnel will hamper the city, which is already facing revenue losses of $20 million each month amid business closures and a fractured economy, Young said. TRUMP BLASTS BIDEN AD CRITICAL OF GOLF OUTING The White House was not convinced. "The brave men and women who have preserved our freedoms for generations did not stay home and the president will not either as he honors their sacrifice by visiting such a historic landmark in our nation's history," White House spokesman Judd Deere said in a statement Sunday. Further, a spokesperson for Maryland Gov. Larry Hogan, a Republican who has clashed with Trump over his response to the pandemic, told the Baltimore Sun that they are "honored that the president and first lady have chosen to spend Memorial Day at Fort McHenry. Although Marylanders are encouraged not to gather in large numbers this year -- now more than ever -- it’s important to reflect on the American heroes who sacrificed their lives for our freedom.” Trump will visit Baltimore just over a week after Maryland began to lift some of the restrictions put in place for the coronavirus, though they remain in effect in Baltimore. Baltimore and the Washington, D.C., area have the nation's highest percentages of positive cases, according to Dr. Deborah Birx, coordinator of the White House coronavirus task force. As Trump marks a solemn day on the American calendar, the country also will mark a grim milestone this week, with the pandemic expected to claim its 100,000th American. Trump, who has likened himself to a “wartime” president in the fight against the virus, will start Monday with a customary visit just across the Potomac, to lay a wreath at the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier at Arlington. CLICK HERE FOR THE FOX NEWS APP He is expected to speak later at Baltimore's Fort McHenry National Monument and Historic Shrine. It's where Francis Scott Key wrote the poem -- inspired by a huge American flag that was hoisted to celebrate an important victory over the British during the War of 1812 -- that became "The Star-Spangled Banner." Fox News’ Louis Casiano and The Associated Press contributed to this report.
15469079|https://www.foxnews.com/media/gop-candidate-sean-parnell-pennsylvania-gov-wolf-vaccine-reopening|20200525_192213 - 7 mins ago|GOP candidate Parnell blasts Pa. governor's 'absolutely absurd' benchmark for full reopening|Get all the latest news on coronavirus and more delivered daily to your inbox. Sign up here. Pennsylvania Republican congressional candidate Sean Parnell called out Democratic Gov. Tom Wolf Monday on "Fox & Friends," arguing it is "absurd" to believe the state cannot fully reopen until a "foolproof" coronavirus vaccine is available to the public. Parnell, who is running for the House seat currently held by Democrat Conor Lamb, said business owners in the Keystone State don't have that long to wait. "The fact of the matter is we might not ever have a vaccine. ... Pennsylvania stands on a very thin line between hope and darkness," said Parnell, a decorated combat veteran who was wounded in Afghanistan. "We have Democrat and Republican business [owners] around here that are about to close their doors forever. We have 2.2 million people unemployed, over 30 percent of the state, and most can't access the state's antiquated unemployment system. It's a disaster. We have no choice but to reopen safely." EMILY COMPAGNO: ON MEMORIAL DAY, I REMEMBER MY MILITARY FAMILY AND ALL WHO HAVE PAID THE ULTIMATE SACRIFICE As he faces increasing pressure from the business community, Wolf said Thursday he does not believe the state can return to normalcy until a proven vaccine is widely available. The governor emphasized the need for widespread testing and contact tracing. “Ultimately I think what it’s going to take for everybody to feel safe going to a Penn State game or a basketball game is that they have some confidence that they’re not going to get sick by being in close contact with somebody else,” Wolf said. “I think that’s what it’s going to take to really get our economy back to normal, and I really think that can’t happen fully, 100 percent until we have a vaccine that is foolproof. That’s my own stance.” PA DINER OWNERS REOPEN IN DEFIANCE OF GOVERNOR'S ORDER Parnell said 80 percent of coronavirus deaths in the state occurred in nursing homes, and locking down the economy would not have prevented that from happening. Wolf initially said the economic shutdown was temporary to slow the spread of the virus, but Parnell pointed out that the rhetoric has gradually shifted to a vaccine now being necessary for reopening. Earlier on "Fox & Friends" Monday, the owners of a York, Pa. diner that reopened in defiance of state coronavirus shutdown orders called out Democrats for going "too far" after the state temporarily revoked their license to operate. In an interview with host Steve Doocy, Round the Clock Diner owners Dimos and Christos Sacarellos, who are father and son, said they remain open for Memorial Day customers while they appeal the order. After a recent appearance on the show, the Sacarelloses said they received notice that their two locations had been shut down, with Christos Sacarellos calling it a "tyrannical temper tantrum" by Gov. Wolf. CLICK HERE FOR THE FOX NEWS APP Meanwhile, some Democrats in Pennsylvania are reportedly beginning to put some pressure on Wolf about the state’s reopening process two months after his office issued a stay-at-home order. The Philadelphia Inquirer pointed to a few recent instances where Democrats seemed eager to see bigger steps in the state's reopening, including a letter from State. Sen. Maria Collett that relayed some frustrations of residents in Montgomery County.
80125751|https://www.foxnews.com/opinion/coronavirus-essentials-new-name-privileged-few-michael-goodwin|20200525_201339 - 12 mins ago|Michael Goodwin: Coronavirus 'essentials' – a new name for these privileged few|Get all the latest news on coronavirus and more delivered daily to your inbox. Sign up here. For socialists and those who lean that way, pandemic time is boom time. Washington is printing and spending money like never before and both parties support sending cash to businesses and the unemployed. JIM BRESLO: CORONAVIRUS IN LOS ANGELES – THESE DRACONIAN RESTRICTIONS DON'T MAKE SENSE Rent and mortgage payments are being deferred, "Medicare-for-all" is getting a second look and support is growing for a program that would take the nation across the economic Rubicon — a guaranteed basic income. Seldom is heard those cautionary words of yesteryear, “moral hazard.” A time of great need and fear is shattering any stigma about being on the dole. CLICK HERE TO GET THE OPINION NEWSLETTER A logical conclusion is that politics will follow culture and Bernie Sanders- and AOC-types will call the shots in America. Unless ­Republicans and conservatives get on board, they will be consigned to history’s dustbin. CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP Perhaps. But pay attention to another potential reaction to the pandemic. Think of it as the revenge of the nonessentials. CLICK HERE TO CONTINUE READING MICHAEL GOODWIN'S COLUMN IN THE NEW YORK POST CLICK HERE TO READ MORE FROM MICHAEL GOODWIN
15874245|https://www.foxnews.com/politics/trump-threatens-to-find-new-gop-convention-site-if-north-carolina-governor-wont-allow-full-attendance|20200525_201410 - 40 mins ago|Trump threatens to find new GOP convention site if North Carolina governor won't allow full attendance|President Trump warned Monday that planners would be "reluctantly forced" to find a new site for the Republican National Convention if North Carolina's governor can't guarantee the party will be allowed "full attendance" at the event currently planned in the state's largest city. The convention has been planned for the week of Aug. 24 in Charlotte. REPUBLICANS PRESS FORWARD WITH CONVENTION In a rapid-fire series of tweets, Trump complained that Democratic Gov. Roy Cooper is in "Shutdown mood & unable to guarantee that by August we will be allowed ... full attendance in the Arena." He continued: "[Planners] must be immediately given an answer by the Governor as to whether or not the space will be allowed to be fully occupied. If not, we will be reluctantly forced ... to find, with all of the jobs and economic development it brings, another Republican National Convention site. This is not something I want to do. Thank you, and I LOVE the people of North Carolina!" Trump complained that the party could be faced with the prospect of spending millions without knowing if they'd be allowed to host a full-scale event. The Republican National Convention is scheduled to take place Aug. 24-27 in Charlotte. The Democratic National Convention is scheduled to take place a week earlier in Milwaukee after being rescheduled from July due to the coronavirus pandemic. Both parties have weighed how to proceed with their conventions amid health concerns, but the Republicans generally have been more insistent than their counterparts that an in-person party affair go on as planned. KARL ROVE SAYS CORONAVIRUS PANDEMIC MAY END ERA OF POLITICAL CONVENTIONS AS 'BIG EXTRAVAGANZAS' Earlier this month, Trump accused Cooper of "playing politics" with the phased reopening of North Carolina amid the coronavirus pandemic that would be "bad for them" if the convention had to be delayed. A spokesperson for the governor said North Carolina was just following the White House guidance on safely reopening. “As the Governor said, pandemics cannot be political,” spokeswoman Sadie Weiner told the Charlotte Observer earlier this month. “North Carolina is using the data and the science based on White House guidance to inform our three-phased approach to lifting restrictions. The health and safety of North Carolinians is the top priority as we battle COVID-19.” PELOSI SUGGESTS MOVING DNC CONVENTION TO 'GIGANTIC' STADIUM As the DNC wrestles with the decision of whether to settle for a virtual convention in three months or pack thousands in an indoor stadium in Milwaukee to formally nominate former Vice President Biden, Trump and the RNC have been committed to maintaining an in-person convention. “We are fully committed to an in-person event in August,” a GOP convention official recently told Fox News. “We’re forging ahead as originally planned.” RNC chairwoman Ronna McDaniel told reporters last week that she's not heard any safety concern from GOP delegates about attending the August convention in Charlotte. McDaniel said the RNC was moving ahead but did note that the convention “is quite a ways away and there is ample to time for us to adjust if necessary." "We’re going to see how factors are on the ground and also get guidance from the mayor and the governor a little bit closer to the convention," McDaniel said. Fox News' Judson Berger and Morgan Phillips contributed to this report.
26514238|https://www.foxnews.com/us/south-carolina-block-party-shooting-dead-wounded-police|20200525_203954 - 5 mins ago|South Carolina block party shooting leaves two dead, including teen, five others wounded, police say|Get all the latest news on coronavirus and more delivered daily to your inbox. Sign up here. A South Carolina teenager was among two killed when gunfire erupted late Saturday at a block party that drew about 1,000 people despite the government’s warnings against large gatherings during the coronavirus pandemic, investigators said. Jabbrie Brandon, 17, died at a hospital, while 21-year-old Curtis Lamont Bomar died at the scene just outside Jonesville, Fox Carolina reported, citing the county coroner. CLICK HERE FOR FULL CORONAVIRUS COVERAGE At least five others were wounded at the party, the Union County Sheriff’s Office said. The extent of their injuries was not immediately clear. Witnesses told authorities that the gunfire came from a car driving down the road, and people at the party returned fire, the station reported. Authorities had taken a few suspects into custody, placing one under arrest, said Maj. Scott Coffer of the sheriff’s office. FLORIDA POLICE BREAK UP MASSIVE BLOCK PARTY, OFFICERS PELTED WITH GLASS BOTTLES, BAR STOOL Deputies first responded to the party for a complaint of 200 to 300 parked cars blocking the roadway, the sheriff’s office told The State. Authorities estimated between 900 and 1,000 people showed up to what they described as an end-of-year school celebration. A deputy had asked the DJ to stop the music and make an announcement for partygoers to move their cars. The party could not be broken up because it was held on private property, the sheriff’s office said. “Parties like these on private property are not uncommon and can cause a problem when people drink and want to gather with one another from being under quarantine,” Sheriff David Taylor said in a news release obtained by the paper. Gov. Henry McMaster lifted the state's mandatory “stay-at-home” order May 4 and made it voluntary. State officials have continued to advise social distancing. CLICK HERE FOR THE FOX NEWS APP South Carolina reported at least 10,096 confirmed coronavirus cases and 435 deaths as of Sunday, according to state health department data.
98370233|https://www.foxnews.com/opinion/elizabeth-ames-coronavirus-new-normal-dont-believe-all-the-predictions-heres-why|20200525_204020 - 9 mins ago|Elizabeth Ames: Coronavirus 'new normal' – Don't believe all the predictions. Here's why|Get all the latest news on coronavirus and more delivered daily to your inbox. Sign up here. Now that the nation has begun reopening, we are seeing a raft of predictions about the coming “New Normal.” Not surprisingly, forecasts from our doom-and-gloom political class are overwhelmingly downers. Sports games will take place without fans. Elbow bumps will replace the warm handshake. Happy hour crowds at restaurants will be replaced by half-empty dining rooms. TUCKER CARLSON: THERE'S NO EVIDENCE CORONAVIRUS LOCKDOWNS SAVED LIVES. MASS QUARANTINES MAY HAVE KILLED PEOPLE Friendly cashiers at our neighborhood markets will be forever encased behind plexiglass barriers. Facemasks will be the must-have fashion accessory, not only for fall, but beyond. One prediction heard repeatedly is that the New Normal may consist of recurring contagions followed by lockdowns, kind of like the periodic brownouts experienced by California and third world countries. It is said that COVID-19 will alter not just our habits, but also our politics. We’re told by pundits on both sides that the gargantuan federal relief spending brought on by the crisis means that expanded government control over our lives is inevitable, especially in sectors like health care. In tomorrow’s not-so-brave New World, customs and culture, will change forever. We should be skeptical. In fact, the nation has lived through a succession of New Normals. People also agonized over the New Normal in the period following World War I and the 1918 Spanish Flu – even if they didn’t use that term. Yet the disillusionment of that era ultimately gave way to the Roaring Twenties. Unfortunately, that exuberant New Normal didn’t last. Just when it seemed safe to party like it was 1929, the Jazz Age slammed into the Great Depression and, eventually, the Second World War. In the 1970s, inflation and energy scarcity were supposed to be the New Normal. But, thanks to changes in government policy including stabilization of the dollar, those disastrous conditions were supplanted by Reagan era prosperity. In the late 1990s, we were told that the New Normal was “the new economy.” Stocks of tech companies, however improbable their business models, “could only keep going up.” The dot-com bust and the financial crisis of 2008 ended this magical thinking. Faster than you could say “red is the new black,” belief in progress through wealth creation and growth were suddenly passé. The New Normal was supposed to be “secular stagnation” – professor-speak for a perpetually stagnant economy — and a ‘woke’ nation that rejected private sector ‘greed’. During that downbeat era, no one could have imagined that, just a few short years later, Americans would elect a president who was the most unapologetic champion of capitalism since Ronald Reagan. By the time 2020 rolled around— before the coronavirus hit the country in the solar plexus—capital creation and growth were back. Secular stagnation seemed destined for extinction. Based on past performance, today’s prognosticators will likely be no better than their predecessors at predicting what the post-contagion world will look like. Yes, people may be initially reluctant to resume their old activities. But there’s no telling how long this reluctance will last, or whether health security measures like temperature checks will become a permanent part of life, like the added airport security after 9/11. Nor should the left or the right automatically assume that the post-pandemic New Normal will feature an even larger, more powerful Washington. Fears of the inflationary potential of continued money printing, shared by even some on the left, may help foster some fiscal restraint. The pandemic is also different than past disasters like the 2008 financial crisis or, for that matter, the Great Depression: Unlike those catastrophes, it is not perceived as a private sector offense requiring entirely new bureaucracies to remedy “market failure.” The virus may have kicked off the crisis. But the lion’s share of suffering that followed has been a consequence of the “social distancing” responses imposed by the federal and state governments. CLICK HERE TO GET THE OPINION NEWSLETTER However well-intentioned, those actions have resulted in a loss of freedom never before experienced by Americans. Citizens were suddenly forced into lockdowns that in some parts of the country seemed excessive and inexplicable. They are being deprived of access to schools, parks and other public services paid for by their tax dollars. Forced to sustain substantial financial hardship, many have become enraged by local officials on tax-funded salaries, who have lectured them or otherwise shown little or no concern. The need to “flatten the curve” is widely appreciated and understood. Yet there is no telling how the trauma of this “black swan” loss of liberty will reverberate through the collective psyche of Americans — and what black swan results it may produce in the coming election. CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP It is natural in uncertain times for people to look to authorities to provide the illusion of certainty. And pundits seeking self-validation are always happy to oblige. However, if there is one lesson that we can draw from history, it is ‘beware of experts peddling New Normals,’ especially during an election year.
72953580|https://www.foxnews.com/politics/favor-voting-by-mail-but-wide-partisan-divide-poll|20200525_204419 - 6 mins ago|Nearly two-thirds favor voting by mail, but wide partisan divide: poll|As President Trump continues his full-court press this holiday weekend against states moving to expand voting by mail, a new national poll indicates that by a more than 2-to-1 margin Americans favor allowing balloting through the mail in November’s general election due to health concerns amid the coronavirus pandemic. Sixty-three percent of those questioned in the latest Fox News Poll released last week said they support allowing all U.S. citizens to vote by mail in the upcoming presidential election due to the concerns over the coronavirus, with 30 percent opposed. AS TRUMP LASHES OUT AT VOTING BY MAIL, DEMOCRATS PUSH BACK But there’s a wide partisan divide on the question. Eighty-three percent of Democrats favor voting by mail. A majority of independents – 60 percent – agree. But only 42 percent of Republicans support voting by mail this November, with 51 percent opposed. The poll, conducted May 17-20, indicated that 48 percent say they’ll vote in person at a polling station this November. But that’s down from the 65 percent who said they usually vote in person on Election Day. Thirty-five percent said they will likely vote by mail or absentee ballot this November, a spike from the 19 percent who said they normally vote by mail or absentee ballot. FOX NEWS POLL INDICATES BIDEN WITH ADVANTAGE ON HANDLING CORNAVIRUS BUT TRUMP WITH EDGE ON ECONOMY The president took to Twitter twice on Sunday to blast moves to make it easier to vote by mail in November. “The United States cannot have all Mail In Ballots. It will be the greatest Rigged Election in history. People grab them from mailboxes, print thousands of forgeries and 'force' people to sign. Also, forge names. Some absentee OK, when necessary. Trying to use Covid for this Scam!,” Trump tweeted Sunday morning without citing specific evidence. And Sunday evening the president claimed that “The Democrats are trying to Rig the 2020 Election, plain and simple!” The president and the GOP have railed against recent attempts by Democrats to increase voting by mail, arguing that it increases voter fraud. And the Republican National Committee and the Trump reelection campaign – as litigation spreads across crucial general election battleground states – have doubled their legal budget this year to hit back at efforts by Democrats to overhaul voting laws in response to the pandemic. Most recently, Republican National Committee, National Republican Congressional Committee and California Republican Party sued Gov. Gavin Newsom and the state's Secretary of State Alex Padilla on Sunday, claiming an executive order sending mail-in ballots to all registered voters in the state is an "illegal power grab" that invites potential fraud. Democrats, pushing back against the claims by Trump and the GOP, say that cases of actual voter fraud are limited and claim that Republicans are trying to suppress voter turnout to improve their chances of winning elections.
32905536|https://www.foxnews.com/media/mike-pence-seeing-real-progress-as-coronavirus-deaths-continue-to-fall|20200525_205759 - 5 mins ago|Mike Pence touts 'real progress' as coronavirus deaths continue to fall across country|Get all the latest news on coronavirus and more delivered daily to your inbox. Sign up here. Vice President Mike Pence said on Monday that since the American people heeded President Trump's social distancing guidelines amid the coronavirus pandemic, there has been a countrywide decline in hospitalizations, new cases and fatalities. “We’ve seen real progress all across the country,” Pence told “Fox & Friends.” “We are on the far side of this epidemic in many of the places most impacted and that’s given us an opportunity not just to issue, as we did now more than a month ago, the guidelines to open America up again." TRUMP'S NATIONAL SECURITY ADVISER SAYS CHINA RESPONSE TO CORONAVIRUS WAS LIKE CHERNOBYL Meanwhile, Trump urged the reopening of schools throughout the U.S. on Sunday, as most remain closed to limit the coronavirus spread and protect the health of students during the pandemic. His tweet was an apparent reaction to similar comments from Fox News' Steve Hilton on his program "The Next Revolution." Trump tagged Hilton and Fox News in a tweet Sunday where he mentioned reopening schools "ASAP." CLICK HERE FOR FULL CORONAVIRUS MAP "Schools in our country should be opened ASAP. Much very good information now available. @SteveHiltonx @FoxNews," Trump wrote. Pence said that the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and the White House task force are going to continue to produce useful information on ways to safely and responsibly open schools, summer camps, churches, synagogues and mosques. “We’re working very closely with university presidents around the country over the last several weeks. We’ll be welcoming them into the White House," Pence said. CLICK HERE FOR THE FOX NEWS APP Pence said that the Trump administration has confidence that universities and post-secondary schools will bring children back to school in a safe and responsible way. Fox News' David Aaro contributed to this report.
25184070|https://www.foxnews.com/media/karl-rove-beto-orourke-cheap-shot-texas-reopening-economy|20200525_220350 - 9 mins ago|Karl Rove rips Beto O'Rourke's political 'cheap shot' on Texas reopening economy|Former White House deputy chief of staff Karl Rove ripped Democrat Beto O’Rourke Monday for taking a "cheap shot" at the Texas Republican governor's plan to reopen the state in a responsible and safe manner. The former congressman and presidential candidate mocked the gradual reopening of the Texas economy from coronavirus shutdowns as “dangerous, dumb and weak.” O’Rourke’s Twitter post was a reaction to a tweet by Gov. Greg Abbott, who touted the Lone Star State’s reopening plan as “Safe, Smart, and Strong.” “Dangerous, dumb and weak,” O’Rourke wrote in retweeting Abbott’s message. TEXAS WOMAN GETS KIDNEY AFTER CORONAVIRUS DELAYS LIFESAVING TRANSPLANT: 'I WAS HANGING ON BY A THREAD' "I thought he might be tweeting out his own personal motto," Rove responded on "Fox & Friends," noting that Texas is the second-most populous state but has among the lowest number of COVID-19 deaths per capita. He added that the number of hospitalizations remains steady and testing is ramping up, with one out of every 33 Texans being tested for the virus. "I thought it was a cheap shot by Robert Francis O'Rourke," said Rove, adding that Abbott has called on people to maintain social distancing and wear a mask when they leave the house. Rep. Dan Crenshaw and Sen. Ted Cruz, both Republicans, also fired back at O’Rourke, the former congressman from El Paso who failed to unseat Cruz in 2018 and then ran an unsuccessful bid for the Democratic Party’s 2020 presidential nomination. Rove said O'Rourke may next be eyeing a bid for governor in a few years. In more commentary on the Texas reopening plan, O’Rourke retweeted a Washington Post story that said Texas recently reported new single-day highs in both coronavirus infections and deaths. “Despite what Trump & co. (Abbott & Patrick) say, stay home if you can & wear a mask if you have to go out. It will save lives,” O’Rourke wrote. CLICK HERE FOR COMPLETE CORONAVIRUS COVERAGE Last week Gov. Abbott outlined Phase II of the Texas reopening plan. It permits child care centers, massage and personal care spas and youth clubs to reopen May 18; bars, bowling alleys, bingo halls and other entertainment venues to resume operations May 22 – with restaurants at 50 percent of capacity – and sets a May 31 reopening date for youth camps and sporting events. Fox News' Dom Calicchio contributed to this report.
73574439|https://www.foxnews.com/opinion/steve-hilton-there-wont-be-a-coronavirus-recovery-unless-we-reopen-schools-now|20200525_220523 - 5 mins ago|Steve Hilton: There won't be a coronavirus recovery unless we reopen schools now|Get all the latest news on coronavirus and more delivered daily to your inbox. Sign up here. There won't be a recovery from coronavirus in the U.S. unless we reopen schools now. If children can't go to school, parents can't go to work. TRUMP SAYS SCHOOLS IN US SHOULD BE OPENED 'ASAP' We're told schools must be closed to keep kids safe. But they're not in danger. According to CDC data, children under 18 make up only 2 percent of cases and 0.6 percent of hospitalizations. Children under 14 make up just 0.02 percent of deaths. Now, the media misinformation machine is fear-mongering about a new mystery disease that affects children. Dr. Anthony Fauci cited this when pushing back on Rand Paul's demand to reopen schools this year. But we're talking about a handful of cases which are almost always treatable. How offensive to try and frighten parents about the safety of their children! A more serious argument for school closures is that while children may not get sick themselves, they can infect others. But do they? We are constantly told to follow the science and the data. Well, here it is. One study found, "Even if children do get infected, they are less likely to transmit the disease to others than adults. We have not found a single instance of a child infecting parents." CLICK HERE TO GET THE OPINION NEWSLETTER They lecture us about contact tracing. Well, they did it for a boy with coronavirus. They found that even though he came into contact with 172 classmates and teachers while symptomatic, he didn't transmit the disease to any of them. Not one out of 172 people. In Switzerland, the country's head of infectious disease says scientists, quote, "now know that young children don't transmit the virus." And because of all of this France, Israel, Germany, Greece, Portugal, South Korea and many other countries have already begun letting their children back into schools. Two weeks after Denmark reopened their schools, a scientist in the Department of Infectious Diseases at Aarhus University said, "There are no signs whatsoever that the partial reopening has caused the biggest spread of infection." Yet still, the schools here are closed, even in states where bars and restaurants are reopening. Where in all of this is our own CDC, by the way? Why do we have to rely on scientists from Switzerland, Denmark, Iceland? Yet another reason for the bungler-in-chief, useless Dr. Robert Redfield, to go. Meanwhile, the mental health toll on children grows by the day, as does the loss of learning. All of it is hurting the poorest areas most, especially those in remote parts of the country, with unreliable internet and the poorest families. Any leader anywhere in America who is not planning to reopen schools now -- not in the next few months, not in the fall, but now -- is a data denier and a science denier. Get on with it and reopen schools now before you do even more needless damage. But once we reopen schools and businesses, we can't have stupid regulations stifling the recovery. Masks, fine. But what's this unscientific nonsense about compulsory temperature checks? Totally pointless. You'll miss most people with coronavirus and catch many who don't have it. These completely arbitrary social distancing rules -- 25 percent occupancy, 33 percent, 50 percent. What's it even based on? Only one or two people allowed in an elevator at one time? Good luck trying to reopen New York like that or any downtown business district, frankly. This over-prescriptive regulation is typical of the infantilizing mindset of our technocratic ruling elite. If you boss people around with arbitrary rules, they'll resist. But ask people to behave responsibly with common sense, and they will. That's also why liability protection for employers who do the right thing is an essential part of any recovery package. My next point: End this unjustified climate of fear. Thanks to media misinformation, too many Americans wrongly fear they are at risk from this virus. That's a disaster for the recovery because it stops people from getting back to real life. Obviously, the best way to reduce public fear is a vaccine and effective treatment, and the Trump administration has done incredible work to speed up progress on both. But we urgently need the federal government -- perhaps even the wretched CDC can do something useful for a change -- to mount a scientific, data-driven information campaign to explain to Americans how low the risks really are for most people. Two more things: The shutdown is decimating countless businesses, even whole industries. People might be getting ready to go back to a job that doesn't exist anymore. We've been a strong advocate of skills training on "The Next Revolution," and we've championed Ivanka Trump's efforts to give our workers the tools they need to succeed in the 21st Century. Her work now will be even more important for the recovery, especially if it's accompanied by a huge new loan program to help people transition from unemployment to start their own business. That really would be a transition to greatness. And I'll just end with this thought. One of the things I'm most proud of in my career is helping to set up national citizen service in the U.K., kind of non-military national service. I think something like that can make a huge difference here in America right now. CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP People are looking for ways to help with the huge unemployment numbers. This would be a great way to bring the country together and unite people of different backgrounds. It would help in this moment, but would also be a fantastic legacy for the future. Adapted from Steve Hilton's monologue from "The Next Revolution" on May 24, 2020. CLICK HERE TO READ MORE FROM STEVE HILTON
