4225994|https://www.foxnews.com/food-drink/burger-king-social-distance-crown|20200525_003332 - 18 mins ago|Burger King shows off oversized crown for social distancing|Get all the latest news on coronavirus and more delivered daily to your inbox. Sign up here. Now you can social distance and feel like royalty at the same time. As restaurants reopen, many are looking for ways to remind customers to maintain social distancing. While some establishments reduced the amount of seating available and painted markings on the floor to customers separated, one fast-food franchise had a different idea. Burger King recently tweeted out an image of two customers enjoying some burgers while using special Burger King crowns to stay safe. The oversized headgear reportedly extends far enough off of the wearer’s head to make sure that they stay 6 feet away from other customers. When a Twitter user asked where they could get one, Burger King informed them that these crowns were available to customers in Germany. PIZZA HUT GIVING AWAY 500,000 PIZZAS TO 2020'S GRADUATING SENIORS A spokesperson for Burger King told Business Insider, “We wanted to reenforce the rules of high safety and hygiene standards that the BK restaurants are following. The do-it-yourself social distance crown was a fun and playful way to remind our guests to practice social distancing while they are enjoying food in the restaurants.” This isn’t the only playful way the fast-food franchise has promoted social distancing. CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP A commercial promoting the so-called “social distancing Whopper” hit YouTube on Thursday, opening with footage of a woman waiting for an elevator. A man — who evidently ate the onion-loaded Whopper — then appears and says hello. Repulsed by the stench of his breath, the woman shoots him a dirty look, clenches her fists and turns away, taking the stairs instead. FOLLOW US ON FACEBOOK FOR MORE FOX LIFESTYLE NEWS “The triple onion Whopper that helps others stay away,” the quick clip concluded in Italian, according to a translation. Fox News' Janine Puhak contributed to this report.
84846597|https://www.foxnews.com/us/las-vegas-to-reopen-casinos-with-restrictions|20200525_003338 - 36 mins ago|Las Vegas to reopen casinos -- with restrictions|Get all the latest news on coronavirus and more delivered daily to your inbox. Sign up here. Las Vegas is set to reopen casinos following its coronavirus lockdown, but guests should not expect a return to business as usual. Nevada Gov. Steve Sisolak set a tentative date of June 4 to reopen casinos statewide following two weeks of continued decrease in both new cases and hospitalizations. Should the decline continue through the weekend, Sisolak will hold a press conference on Tuesday to reveal further rollbacks as part of the next phase to reopen the state. CLICK FOR THE LATEST ON THE CORONAVIRUS Virginia Valentine, president and CEO of the Nevada Resort Association, applauded the governor's decision, calling it "fantastic news" for Nevada's gaming industry. "Our members have spent more than two months preparing for this day," she said in an emailed statement to the Las Vegas Review-Journal. "They've put in place enhanced health and safety plans and protocols ... Our memebers are excited to show off the enhancements they've made that preserve the experience while ensuring the well-being of our employees and visitors." Casinos are required to submit plans for reopening, which will require approval at least seven days ahead of actually opening their doors. Other businesses, such as nightclubs, dayclubs, buffets and large venues will remain closed – including the infamous Cirque du Soleil. MGM RESORTS INTERNATIONL REVEALS SAFETY PLAN FOR REOPENING “You’re going to see a lot of social distancing,” said Sean McBurney, general manager at Caesars Palace. “If there’s crowding, it’s every employee’s responsibility to ensure there’s social distancing.” Guests will see signs everywhere that remind them to wash their hands, maintain social distancing and limit gatherings to four people when possible. The most striking difference will be a limit on games and participants: four players only at roulette, six at craps. Plastic partitions will separate dealers from players and players from each other at the Bellagio, three at each table, and slot machines will be shut down to discourage players from sitting near each other. LAS VEGAS MAYOR SLAMS CORONAVIRUS SHUTDOWNS AS 'TOTAL INSANITY' “Visually, you’ll still see a lot of color and activity, but you won’t be able to play every machine,” McBurney said. New state Gaming Control Board regulations require that casinos disinfect surfaces and give “increased attention” to high-touch hotel items like television remote controls and light switches. Dice will be disinfected between shooters, chips cleaned periodically and card decks changed frequently. At some resorts guests will be encouraged to use cellphones for touchless check in, as room keys and to read restaurant menus. Large resorts will hand out free masks to guests, but won’t require their use. CLICK HERE FOR THE FOX NEWS APP “We all know what we’ve gone through for the last 10 weeks. No one’s having fun,” said Bill Hornbuckle, acting chief executive and president of casino giant MGM Resorts International. “The simple idea that I could get out, come to a resort, lay at a pool, enjoy a nice dinner, sit at a blackjack table. There’s something to be said for all of that.” The Associated Press contributed to this report.
83107116|https://www.foxnews.com/politics/trumps-national-security-adviser-says-china-response-to-coronavirus-was-like-chernobyl|20200525_003342 - 1 hour ago|Trump's national security adviser says China response to coronavirus was like Chernobyl|Get all the latest news on coronavirus and more delivered daily to your inbox. Sign up here. White House National Security Adviser Robert O’Brien compared on Sunday China’s response to the coronavirus pandemic to that of the Soviet Union’s reaction during the Chernobyl nuclear disaster in 1986. “This was a virus that was unleashed by China. There was a coverup that someday they’re going to do an HBO show like they did with Chernobyl on this virus,” O’Brien said on CBS’ “Face the Nation” Sunday. O’Brien was referring to the 2019 miniseries that dramatized the 1986 explosion of a reactor at a nuclear power plant in Ukraine and the response from Soviet officials. O’Brien added that, like Soviet officials in the 1980s, Chinese officials have covered up the extent of the pandemic -- which first surfaced late last year in Wuhan, the sprawling capital of Central China’s Hubei province – because “they kicked out all reporters and they wouldn’t let [the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention] investigators come in and they’re still stonewalling investigators.” CLICK HERE FOR COMPLETE CORONAVIRUS COVERAGE “It doesn’t matter if it was local officials or the Chinese Communist Party, it was a coverup and we’ll get to the bottom of it eventually,” he added. On vaccine development, O’Brien said he was confident that the United States will develop one before China does and added that he thinks that Beijing will try to steal U.S. intellectual property if the vaccine is first developed in the U.S. “There’s a chance, and it’s been reported, that the Chinese have been engaged in espionage to try to find the research and the technologies that we’re working on both for a vaccine and a therapy,” he said. “They’ve got a many-year history of stealing American intellectual property and knocking off American technology and I wouldn’t be surprised if they did that with the vaccines.” The U.S. is pushing the World Health Organization to start work “now” on a planned independent review of its coordinated international response to the COVID-19 outbreak, at a time the Trump administration has repeatedly criticized the agency and is threatening to cut off U.S. funding for it. CLICK HERE FOR THE FOX NEWS APP Adm. Brett Giroir, an assistant secretary in the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, sent a letter to the UN health agency’s executive board meeting on Friday saying the United States believes the WHO can “immediately initiate" preparations such as bringing together independent health experts and setting up guidelines for the review. President Trump has continually blamed China for allowing the pathogen to spread beyond its borders. “This is a hit that came out of China,” Trump said during an interview that aired on WJLA on Sunday. “Whether we like it or not, it came out of China. It could have been stopped.”
13000958|https://www.foxnews.com/entertainment/simon-cowell-dieting-staying-busy-quarantine|20200525_003348 - 1 hour ago|Simon Cowell on dieting in quarantine, reveals how much weight he's lost|Get all the latest news on coronavirus and more delivered daily to your inbox. Sign up here. Simon Cowell, one of Hollywood's busiest, is trying to keep himself occupied during the coronavirus quarantine. The reality television personality offered some sage advice to fans in an interview with Extra. HILARY DUFF SHUTS DOWN 'DISGUSTING' SEX TRAFFICKING TWITTER RUMORS ABOUT HER SON LUCA “Most importantly, occupy your mind,” said Cowell, 60. “You have to stick to a routine. Fortunately, with things like with Zoom, you stay in touch with the world, keep motivated, come up with ideas... I never get this time, normally.” While quarantining, Cowell has been enjoying time with his partner Lauren Silverman and 6-year-old son Eric. "I was concerned how [Eric] was going to cope with all of this. He has been absolutely amazing," gushed Cowell. "He is still able to do schoolwork, and now we are camping on the weekends in the garden.” Camping didn't go over so well for Lauren during the family's first attempt. “Lauren, the first time, 11 o’clock said, ‘I can’t deal with this,'" recalled the reality star. "And I said ‘No, we are staying outside.’” EDWARD VIII WAS 'OBSESSIVE' AND 'SUFFOCATING' WITH AMERICAN DIVORCE WALLIS SIMSON, DOC SAYS Aside from camping, Cowell's been keeping himself busy with a handful of other activities. “I’m doing a bit of cooking, I’m exercising. Funny enough, more during this time as well, sticking to the diet," he said, noting he can keep better track of his diet at home. “The only difficult thing is when Eric orders a pizza... That’s the number one thing I miss.” Although he's had to give up pizza, the diet is paying off for Cowell. "I think I have dropped, since I started this diet a year ago, 60 pounds," he said. Cowell also has Monday's "America's Got Talent" season premiere to look forward to. “I’ve seen the first episodes now, and even for us watching as a family is total escapism,” said the judge. “The fact that everyone’s managed to put this together remotely... I think they’ve done an outstanding job, and the show I am very, very proud of.” Additionally, this season, Sofia Vergara was welcomed to the judges' table -- which Cowell said has been a plus. CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP "She was amazing," he gushed. "After 10 minutes, literally, in the first day, she turned to me and said, ‘Simon, this is the best job I ever had.’ She was very good with the contestants, very focused. You kind of feel she has been on the show for a long time.”
89480898|https://www.foxnews.com/politics/arkansas-gov-hutchinson-optimistic-about-economic-recovery-despite-recent-high-in-new-covid-cases|20200525_003355 - 1 hour ago|Arkansas Gov. Hutchinson optimistic about economic recovery despite recent high in new COVID cases|Get all the latest news on coronavirus and more delivered daily to your inbox. Sign up here. The state of Arkansas is moving forward with reopening its economy, which was never fully shut down during the coronavirus pandemic, and Gov. Asa Hutchinson said he is "optimistic" about the future, even as the state had its highest number of new cases to date this past Thursday. The White House recommended that states not reopen until they have seen a steady two-week decline in new cases, while Arkansas has seen ups and downs in recent days. Hutchinson, however, is taking a big-picture view and told "Fox News Sunday" that, on the whole, he is encouraged by what he sees. AMERICA REOPENING: 14 MORE STATES EASE RESTRICTIONS BEFORE MEMORIAL DAY WEEKEND “We’re expanding our economy, but right now we have less than 100 hospitalizations; our death rate is low compared to the rest of the country," Hutchinson said. "It doesn’t diminish the seriousness with which we take it, but we have to manage the risk, grow our economy, we have to come back and not just in Arkansas but nationally. Because this virus is deadly but it’s going to be with us a while. We have to manage that risk.” Hutchinson defended the decision to reopen stores, movie theaters and gyms with lower capacities, in light of the relatively low number of cases. He acknowledged that there is still a risk involved in reopening, but said individuals can take precautions to protect themselves. CLICK HERE FOR FULL CORONAVIRUS COVERAGE "Well, my thinking is we have to manage the risk. We take the virus very seriously, it’s a risk, it causes death, but you can’t cloister yourself at home, that is just contrary to the American spirit," he said. "And we have to discipline ourselves, we have to manage the risk. I make the comparison with you: could be in an automobile and it’s very risky, but you manage the risk by wearing a seatbelt.” Hutchinson never issued a full stay-at-home order for his state like other governors have, and he is moving forward with reopening even though the state had its highest number of daily cases this past Thursday. That spike followed a low count the previous day, and Hutchinson pointed to less than 5 percent of people tested being positive as a reason for optimism. CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP That number is doubled by the percent of people in the state who are unemployed, but Hutchinson noted that Arkansas' 10.2 percent unemployment is 4 percent lower than the national average. He credited to lack of a stay-at-home order for this, and said it is the reason why Arkansas will come back relatively soon. “Our economy is stronger than and will rebound more quickly because it was not all shut down and people are going back to work," Hutchinson said, adding that he is “optimistic about coming back, it’s just going to take some time.”
34894543|https://www.foxnews.com/politics/top-nursing-home-executive-blames-flawed-survey-system-for-scathing-gao-report-on-lapses-in-infection-prevention|20200525_003401 - 2 hours ago|Top nursing home executive blames 'flawed survey system' for scathing GAO report on lapses in infection prevention|Get all the latest news on coronavirus and more delivered daily to your inbox. Sign up here. The head of the National Center for Assisted Living blamed a “flawed survey system” for the recent government watchdog report that found widespread problems with infectious disease controls in nursing homes across the country. Mark Parkinson, the president and chief executive officer of the American Health Care Association and National Center for Assisted Living, said on Sunday that people surveying nursing homes across the country were encouraged to find problems and that is why a Government Accountability Office report released last week found that eight in 10 nursing homes inspected were cited for infection-control problems. “We have a real flawed survey system and one of the flaws in the system is surveyors are encouraged to give deficiencies and that makes the impression that even very good buildings are deficient,” Parkinson said on “Fox News Sunday.” The GAO report comes as nursing homes across the country have been hard hit by the coronavirus pandemic. CLICK HERE FOR COMPLETE CORONAVIRUS COVERAGE An ongoing count by The Associated Press has found that outbreaks in nursing homes and long-term care facilities have killed more than 30,000 people, more than one-third of all coronavirus deaths in the country. In Massachusetts, the coronavirus late last month killed at least 80 veterans – with 82 other residents and 81 staff members testing positive for the contagion – at Holyoke Soldiers' Home. Overall, the outbreak has claimed the lives of nearly one-third of all residents at the veterans' home. “It’s horrific,” said Edward Lapointe, whose father-in-law lives at the home and had a mild case of the virus. “These guys never had a chance.” New York, as with much of the other grim news from the outbreak, has been the epicenter of deaths in nursing homes with more than 5,000 being reported as of earlier last week. It was reported last week that more than 4,500 recovering coronavirus patients were sent to New York’s already vulnerable nursing homes under a controversial state directive that was ultimately scrapped amid criticisms it was accelerating the nation’s deadliest outbreaks. The GAO report, which analyzed data from the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services from 2013 to 2017, found that 82 percent of nursing homes – over 13,000 in all – had received citations for either cutting corners or failing to implement to correct controls in that time frame. Gov. Andrew Cuomo, a Democrat, on May 10 reversed the directive, which had been intended to help free up hospital beds for the sickest patients as cases surged. But he continued to defend it this week, saying he didn't believe it contributed to the more than 5,800 nursing and adult care facility deaths in New York — more than in any other state — and that homes should have spoken up if it was a problem. “Any nursing home could just say, ‘I can’t handle a COVID person in my facility,'" he said, although the March 25 order didn’t specify how homes could refuse, saying that ”no resident shall be denied re-admission or admission to the (nursing home) solely based" on confirmed or suspected COVID-19. The GAO report found that about 40 percent of the nursing homes inspected in each of the past two years were cited for problems with infection control and prevention. Looking deeper into federal data for 2013-2017, investigators found a recurring pattern of problems. Data for that five-year period showed that 82 percent of nursing homes inspected, or 13,299, had at least one deficiency related to infection control and prevention. About half of the facilities had an infection-related deficiency in multiple consecutive years. “Our analysis of CMS data shows that infection prevention and control deficiencies were the most common type of deficiency cited in surveyed nursing homes,” John Dicken, the director of the health care team at the GAO, wrote in a letter to Sen. Ron Wyden of Oregon, the top Democrat on a committee that oversees Medicare and Medicaid. “Infection prevention and control deficiencies cited by surveyors can include situations where nursing home staff did not regularly use proper hand hygiene or failed to implement preventive measures during an infectious disease outbreak, such as isolating sick residents and using masks and other personal protective equipment to control the spread of infection." Dicken added: “Many of these practices can be critical to preventing the spread of infectious diseases, including COVID19.” CLICK HERE FOR THE FOX NEWS APP Parkinson said on Sunday that one of the reasons nursing homes have been so devastated by COVID-19 was that residents were not seen as high priority and the facilities lacked the proper testing supplies. “The country was too concerned with hospitals being overrun and there were consequences to that, one of the consequences was that nursing homes were left out,” he said. “Our residents were not a high priority for testing, we weren’t given the equipment we needed." Parkinson added: “There needs to be some accountability for all of these people that were making this fantastic estimates that all the hospitals in the country would be overrun—there wasn’t and there were consequences.” Parkinson noted that the Trump administration has allocated $5 billion for the recovery efforts in nursing homes nationwide. The Associated Press contributed to this report.
87506687|https://www.foxnews.com/us/second-missouri-hairstylist-coronavirus-symptomatic-147-exposed|20200525_003406 - 2 hours ago|Second Missouri stylist who worked with coronavirus symptoms tests positive; 147 clients, co-workers exposed|Get all the latest news on coronavirus and more delivered daily to your inbox. Sign up here. Two Missouri hairstylists at the same salon have potentially directly exposed 147 people to coronavirus after working on clients while showing symptoms for COVID-19. The Springfield-Greene Health Department announced Saturday that a second stylist at a Great Clips in Springfield has tested positive for COVID-19. The stylist, who worked May 16-20 “while experiencing very mild symptoms but potentially infectious,” has potentially exposed 56 clients to the virus. “At this time, this is the only other positive result we have had from those tested as a result of the previous exposure,” the department said in a press release. CLICK HERE FOR FULL CORONAVIRUS COVERAGE A day earlier, the health department announced the first stylist at the same location at 1864 S. Glenstone Ave. had tested positive. While symptomatic, that individual worked May 12-20, potentially exposing 84 clients and seven co-workers. Both stylists, as well as all their clients, wore masks. The health department said it hoped “because face coverings were worn throughout this exposure timeline, no additional cases will result.” “We are hopeful that their strictly enforced policy of masking will prevent any future spread from this case. They also kept detailed records that have made contact tracing a speedy process,” Springfield-Greene County Health Department Director Clay Goddard said Friday. Contact tracing investigators helped track down customers who were potentially exposed to the virus. Those people will be notified by the health department and offered testing. MISSOURI HAIR STYLIST WENT TO WORK WITH CORONAVIRUS SYMPTOMS, EXPOSED 91 CLIENTS, CO-WORKERS: OFFICIALS The department said anyone else who was at the hair salon on those dates is believed to be at very low risk. Those individuals are advised to watch for symptoms, but there is no need to self-quarantine or isolate unless symptoms develop, the department said in a press release. Symptoms of COVID-19 include cough, fever, shortness of breath, chills, muscle pain, sore throat and new loss of taste or smell. Missouri hair salons, among some other non-essential businesses shuttered during a statewide stay-at-home order, were cleared to reopen on May 4, according to the Kansas City Star. The Great Clips location was closed to undergo sanitizing and deep cleaning under guidelines provided by the county health department and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, the newspaper reported, citing a statement from the salon owners. CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP Goddard praised the owners for their swift action, and said the salon was now safe for business. Missouri, as of Sunday, has recorded at least 11,558 confirmed coronavirus cases, with 671 deaths, according to data collected by Johns Hopkins University.
31214173|https://www.foxnews.com/media/michigan-restaurant-owner-makes-last-attempt-to-save-business|20200525_003411 - 1 hour ago|Michigan restaurant owner defies Gov. Whitmer’s order in last-ditch effort to save family business|Get the latest news on coronavirus and more delivered daily to your inbox. Sign up here. The owner of a restaurant in western Michigan is defying Gov. Gretchen Whitmer's executive order by reopening in a late-ditch effort to save his business. Jim Cory resumed dining service at Jimmy’s Roadhouse in rural Newaygo and now faces a threat by the state health department to revoke his licenses, he said Sunday on “Fox & Friends Weekend.” “It’s just been one different set of rules after another,” Cory said of the state's ongoing coronavirus restrictions. Whitmer, he complained, “throws up something different every time you turn around.” Cory made the comments two days after Whitmer, a Democrat, extended her stay-at-home order to June 12 -- the fifth extension of a mandate that has put her at odds with Republican lawmakers and sparked anti-lockdown protests. The order, called "Safer at Home," will extend temporary business closures and movement restrictions in an effort to combat the pandemic. Whitmer also extended her state of emergency through June 19, WJBK-TV reported. In a statement, she said that while Michigan COVID-19 cases and deaths are declining, "we are not out of the woods yet." Cory said Jimmy’s Roadhouse has been in his family since 1970 but he wonders if the business can survive the outbreak. CLICK HERE FOR COMPLETE CORONAVIRUS COVERAGE Cory estimates he's lost about $65,000 since mid-March, when Whitmer told restaurants to close dining rooms and offer only takeout. While Cory says he received a loan from the federal Paycheck Protection Program, he said the money can only be used to pay his employees. The restaurant opened Wednesday afternoon and within an hour more than a dozen parties were seated, according to WOOD TV8. “We had a great turnout,” Cory said Sunday. He doesn't know if it will be his last. He pointed out that he took safety precautions seating customers at least ten feet apart inside a large tent outside his restaurant. “I was inspected on Wednesday by the liquor control and the health department and then Thursday morning I was called by the state police and I had sit-down meeting with the state police and the head of the health department,” Cory said on Sunday, adding that he was treated with “dignity and respect,” but was told he could not reopen. Cory noted that since he violated Whitmer’s executive order on Wednesday he was told his licenses would be suspended if he continued to operate while the executive order was in place, so he did not reopen on Thursday. CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP “They had to follow the orders that came down from the top and we have to change who is making those orders from the top,” Cory said on Sunday. Fox News Louis Casiano contributed to this report.
43786459|https://www.foxnews.com/politics/rick-scott-says-hes-fine-with-absentee-voting-as-long-as-laws-prevent-fraud|20200525_003417 - 2 hours ago|Rick Scott says he's fine with absentee voting as long as laws prevent fraud|Get all the latest news on coronavirus and more delivered daily to your inbox. Sign up here. Sen. Rick Scott, R-Fla., warned on Sunday that there needs to be laws in place to mitigate against voter fraud if the country plans to use widespread mail-in balloting in this November’s presidential election. “I think as long as you can do it safely, and as long as you can make sure there's no fraud, we ought to be able to do absentee ballots like we do it in Florida,” Scott said Sunday on CNN’s “State of the Union.” “If you follow the law, and you enforce the law, and you set up the laws the right way you can do it.” Absentee voting – and concerns over possible voter fraud that could accompany it – have come to the forefront of discussions over the upcoming presidential elections as concerns are being raised about the possibility of spreading the coronavirus at polling places. CLICK HERE FOR COMPLETE CORONAVIRUS COVERAGE President Trump has become a vocal advocate against mail-in voting – criticizing the process both during public appearances and on social media, and slamming states that are ramping up efforts to increase absentee voting." “The United States cannot have all Mail In Ballots. It will be the greatest Rigged Election in history,” Trump tweeted on Sunday. “People grab them from mailboxes, print thousands of forgeries and “force” people to sign. Also, forge names. Some absentee OK, when necessary. Trying to use Covid for this Scam!” The president has also threatened to hold back federal dollars from Michigan and Nevada – two states that have ramped up their mail-in balloting process. Trump, who has voted by mail absentee as recently as this March in Florida's Republican presidential primary, did say he would support exceptions for those who are sick — or are president. “Now, if somebody has to mail it in because they’re sick, or by the way because they live in the White House and they have to vote in Florida and they won’t be in Florida, but there’s a reason for it, that’s OK," Trump said last week. CLICK HERE FOR THE FOX NEWS APP Republicans’ claims that mailing ballots to all voters creates widespread fraud are not backed up by evidence from the five states that use this method. None has reported significant voter fraud cases. Both Republicans and Democrats run absentee and mail-in voting programs as part of their get-out-the-vote operations. The efforts can help reach older voters and others reluctant to vote in person, and can help free up resources on Election Day. Trump’s opposition to the practice appears to stem from his insistence that it gives Democrats an advantage and from long-standing, largely unconfirmed, suspicions about the prevalence of voter fraud. Scott, however, like many of his other Republican colleagues, doesn’t have an issue with the practice as long as it’s properly monitored. “Well, I think what he’s saying is that it's only, they’re talking about only doing mail-in ballots. I believe you can do it safely and you have the laws and everybody follows the laws, I think that’s the key,” Scott said. “I’m fine with absentee ballots the way we do it in Florida, with early voting the way we do it in Florida, with Election Day voting, which is clearly the safest.” The Associated Press contribute to this report.
86638217|https://www.foxnews.com/politics/dr-birx-critically-important-that-people-wear-masks-as-states-reopen-amid-higher-than-expected-death-tolls|20200525_003422 - 2 hours ago|Dr. Birx: 'Critically important' that people wear masks as states reopen amid higher than expected death tolls|Get all the latest news on coronavirus and more delivered daily to your inbox. Sign up here. White House coronavirus task force coordinator Dr. Deborah Birx warned that even though states are beginning to reopen, with some beaches being made available to the public over Memorial Day weekend, people must still maintain social distancing precautions and wear masks where appropriate. The U.S. death toll is expected to surpass 100,000 in the coming days, going well beyond an April projection of 60,000 total deaths and more in line with earlier predictions that expected the pandemic to yield casualties in the six-figure range. CUOMO ATTEMPTS TO DEFLECT BLAME OF DEADLY NURSING HOME CORONAVIRUS DEBACLE ON TO TRUMP "[T]here’s clear scientific evidence now by all the droplet experiments that happen and that others have done to show that a mask does prevent droplets from reaching others," Birx told "Fox News Sunday," recognizing that Americans will want to get out over the holiday weekend. "And out of respect for each other, as Americans that care for each other we need to be wearing masks in public when we cannot social distance. It’s really critically important, we have the scientific evidence of how important mask wearing is to prevent those droplets from reaching others.” States like California and New Jersey have opened up beaches, but footage has shown that not everyone enjoying the outdoors has been taking precautions to prevent spreading COVID-19. MICHIGAN AG TELLS TRUMP TO WEAR MASK WHILE VISITING FORD PLANT: 'IT'S THE LAW' "We know that it’s important for people to socially interact, but we also know it’s important that we have to have masks on when we’re less than 6 feet and that we have to maintain that 6 feet distance," Birx said. "We know being outside does help, we know sun does help in killing the virus, but that doesn’t change the fact that people need to be responsible and maintain that distance." President Trump has been criticized for his reluctance to wear a mask in public, although he was seen wearing one during a tour of a Ford plant in Ypsilanti, Mich. When asked about the current death toll surpassing last month's projection of 60,000 fatalities, Birx claimed that the relatively low prediction was based on just one model among several the White House follows, including the one that earlier had projected between 100,000 and 240,000. “Our job now going forward is to do everything we can to prevent additional hospitalizations and additional mortality," she said. CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP Meanwhile, Birx said that an aggressive approach to vaccine development could potentially produce a vaccine up to eight months earlier than what would normally be the case. She said that by producing certain vaccine candidates ahead of time while awaiting the results of tests, they will have a head start on manufacturing should one of those products yield positive results and gain approval. "So that’s what’s happening now -- is taking the most promising candidates and getting them into manufacturing, ensuring that you can scale and produce these vaccines at a level that is needed for Americans," Birx said.
65905206|https://www.foxnews.com/sports/nba-all-star-kermit-washington-denied-prison-release-coronavirus|20200525_003428 - 3 hours ago|Ex-NBA All-Star Kermit Washington denied prison release despite coronavirus concerns: report|Get all the latest news on coronavirus and more delivered daily to your inbox. Sign up here. Kermit Washington, a former NBA All-Star serving six years in federal prison for charity fraud, was denied release despite concerns over the coronavirus, according to a report Sunday. The 68-year-old Washington, who played for five NBA teams in the 1970s and 1980s, last month argued he was at a "high risk of death or serious illness from COVID-19" due to the "extreme rate of infection" in the U.S. prison system, according to court documents obtained by TMZ Sports. CLICK HERE FOR FULL CORONAVIRUS COVERAGE But officials now say that Washington’s COVID-19 argument was “not enough” to grant his release, the outlet reported, citing new court documents. "The risk of the spread of COVID-19 alone is not enough to constitute extraordinary and compelling reasons for release," the documents stated. Thousands of inmates have been released from prisons across the country over fears COVID-19 could rapidly spread through the crowded systems. Some of the released inmates committed low-level, or non-violent crimes, officials have said. WASHINGTON INMATE GRANTED EARLY CORONAVIRUS RELEASE ARRESTED AFTER ATTACKING WOMAN ON HIKING TRAIL: REPORT While prisons have ramped up precautions, some inmates and staff have still contracted the virus. Earlier this month, a federal prison in Texas reported an outbreak of 423 new cases, while the news of a potential early release saw inmates in California deliberately try to infect themselves with the virus. Washington was drafted fifth overall in 1973 by the Los Angeles Lakers, where he spent the first five seasons of his nearly decade-long NBA career. He would go on to play for the Boston Celtics, San Diego Clippers, Portland Trail Blazers before retiring in 1983. He made a brief comeback in the 1987-1988 season, but only played in six games for the Golden State Warriors. Despite getting an All-Star nod in 1980 while in Portland, Washington was best known for throwing a punch that seriously injured Houston Rockets player Rudy Tomjanovich during a 1977 game. Tomjanovich required surgery to reconstruct his face after suffering a fractured skull, a broken nose and broken jaw. In 2016, Washington was accused of spending thousands of dollars in donations intended for a charity to help children in Africa for his own gain, including paying for vacations, jewelry and entertainment. CLICK HERE FOR THE FOX NEWS APP He pleaded guilty in 2017 to two counts of making a false statement in a tax return and one count of aggravated identity theft. In 2018, he was sentenced to serve six years and ordered to pay nearly $970,000 in restitution, USA Today reported at the time.
41865611|https://www.foxnews.com/opinion/coronavirus-los-angeles-draconian-restrictions-jim-breslo|20200525_003434 - 4 hours ago|Jim Breslo: Coronavirus in Los Angeles – these draconian restrictions don't make sense|Get all the latest news on coronavirus and more delivered daily to your inbox. Sign up here. Residents of Los Angeles are scratching their heads wondering why America, including even New York City, are reopening while LA remains almost completely closed. An unelected public health official in charge of county residents’ freedom announced that she anticipates a further reopening by July Fourth. In the meantime, New York Mayor Bill DeBlasio said his city is reopening in early June. This makes no sense. While LA is referred to as the “epicenter” of the COVID-19 outbreak in California, its numbers are in fact very low. The death rate in New York City from COVID-19 is 1 in 532. The death rate in LA County is almost 10 times less at 1 in 5,000. GINGRICH & DESANTIS: HOW CONGRESS CAN GIVE AMERICANS AN EXTRA $11,000 WITHOUT COSTING TAXPAYERS A PENNY California has fared far better than New York, likely because of the early shutdown of travel from China, as opposed to from Europe, warmer weather and far less density. In New York City people live in high-rises, ride in elevators, walk on crowded streets, ride in crowded subways, and shop and dine in crowded stores and restaurants. People in LA tend to live in homes or small apartment buildings, drive their cars, and, notoriously, not walk anywhere. It has less than one-third the density of New York. Yet, LA’s orders remain perhaps the most draconian in the country. The county recently finally opened its beaches, the last county in the state to do so. But, sitting or lying on a county beach, even by yourself, is prohibited. You are required to wear a mask while on the beach (be careful about awkward tan lines), but the order makes clear you are permitted to remove it before going in the water (probably wise). Still prohibited is biking on the beach paths, with or without a mask (I guess because bikes cross paths with each other for a split second), and volleyball, even though traditionally played on the beach with just two on a team. The county also finally opened its parks and hiking trails, which had been closed for almost two months, while New York City never closed its parks. The Department of Health announced their first “reopening” of the county for business last week. Local news channels excitedly announced: “Los Angeles reopens, news at 11!” But this “Phase I” reopening only applied to florists, toy, book, clothing, music, and sporting goods stores, and only for curbside pickup. So much for a “reopening.” I had a sense our leaders were out of touch, but I did not realize the extent. We now buy our books on something called the “Internet” through a “website” called “Amazon,” or simply download them to a tablet. Music stores went out of business long ago due to Amazon and something called “streaming.” We usually buy our toys and sporting goods on Amazon also. Now, opening clothing stores would be nice since we like to browse the latest styles and try them on for size and fit before buying. But the state and county are not permitting us to go into the store. Rather, we must call ahead to order the item, and then pick it up “curbside.” That is not helpful. That is what the Internet is for. Even to reopen for the limited purpose of curbside pickup, the Department of Public Health issued “Reopening Protocol” which must be met. This includes over 30 itemized requirements, under headings such as, “Workplace Policies and Practices to Protect Employee Health,” “Measures to Ensure Social Distancing,” “Measures for Infection Control,” “Measures that Communicate to the Public,” and “Measures that Ensure Equitable Access to Critical Services.” CLICK HERE TO SIGN UP FOR OUR OPINION NEWSLETTER Mayor Eric Garcetti announced last week that he is extending the “reopening” to pet groomers and car washes. Pets’ hair is now looking good; humans, not so much. Churches remain shuttered, while liquor and weed stores have been deemed “essential” and were never closed. At the same time, he announced that restrictions will remain in place until a “cure” is found. Experts caution this will likely take over a year if it comes at all. In the meantime, residents continue to suffer under the reign of Garcetti and the unelected health official. Who is she? Her name is Dr. Barbara Ferrer. According to her biography, she is a philanthropic strategist, educational leader and community advocate. She works “to improve population outcomes through efforts that build health and education equity.” She served as the chief strategy officer for the W.K. Kellogg Foundation, focusing on things like, “Family Economic Security,” “Racial Equity,” and “Community Engagement.” She has a Ph.D. in social welfare from Brandeis University, and a bachelor of arts in community studies from the University of California, Santa Cruz. These are excellent credentials to teach at a liberal university, but not so good to be given the keys to the largest county by GDP ($710 billion) in the United States. She states that the LA County Department of Public Health is “committed to reducing health disparities.” By confining all residents to their homes, she is certainly demonstrating that commitment. The cost, and infringement on Angelenos’ basic liberties, apparently are of far lesser concern. CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP The U.S. Department of Justice is now riding in to protect Angelenos’ liberties. Assistant U.S. Attorney Eric Dreiband has written to Garcetti and Ferrer, stating their extensive and extended orders appear “arbitrary and unlawful.” Government power, Dreiband noted, “is not limitless, and must be exercised reasonably.” “Simply put,” he said, “there is no pandemic exception to the U.S. Constitution.” CLICK HERE TO READ MORE BY JIM BRESLO
87890438|https://www.foxnews.com/us/florida-man-kidnap-girl-17-coronavirus-highway-checkpoint|20200525_003439 - 4 hours ago|Florida man kidnaps girl, 17, to drive him through coronavirus highway checkpoint: police|Get all the latest news on coronavirus and more delivered daily to your inbox. Sign up here. A Florida man was arrested last week on kidnapping charges after allegedly threatening a 17-year-old girl in a grocery store parking lot and forcing her to drive him and another woman through a coronavirus highway checkpoint into the Florida Keys, authorities said. Alexander Michael Sardinas, 37, has been charged with kidnapping and false imprisonment and is being held at the Monroe County Jail in lieu of $50,000 bail, according to court records. He and a woman identified as 43-year-old Michelle Lynne Peterson hailed a taxi to head into the Florida Keys on Thursday but were turned away at the U.S. 1 checkpoint at mile marker 112.5, according to the Monroe County Sheriff's Office. Despite both living there -- Sardinas in Tavernier and Peterson in Islamorada -- they lacked the proper identification and paperwork proving either residency or that they held jobs in the Keys, Adam Linhardt, a sheriff’s office spokesman, said. CLICK HERE FOR FULL CORONAVIRUS COVERAGE After the taxi dropped them off on the side of the road, a Florida Highway Trooper spotted them arguing and gave them a “courtesy ride” back to Florida City, Linhardt said, according to the Associated Press. Later that day, Sardinas approached a 17-year-old girl in a Publix parking lot. Police said the young woman was traveling from her father’s house in Homestead out to her mother’s in Key West, but had made a pit stop at the grocery store around noon. She was targeted because her vehicle had the proper hurricane reentry sticker and a Monroe County license plate that would clear her to pass through checkpoints. Though there was no evidence Sardinas was armed, the man allegedly threatened to harm the girl if she touched her cellphone, according to the sheriff’s office. The girl then drove Sardinas and Peterson through the checkpoint, showing deputies her license, which has a Florida Keys address. She later told detectives she did not tell the deputies at the checkpoint she was being held against her will because she was scared. Once cleared to pass, the girl then let Sardinas out at a gas station in Tavernier, drove Peterson to a CVS at mile marker 92, and, when both were finally out of the car, pulled over to call a family member, according to the sheriff’s office. The family then called to report the incident. “I am relieved this suspect is currently sitting in jail and the young victim in this case was not seriously hurt,” Sheriff Rick Ramsay said in a statement, according to WPLG. “I want to thank and commend my staff as well as our partners at the Florida Highway Patrol for quickly putting two and two together that resulted in a quick arrest.” After authorities issued a “be-on-the-lookout” notice, Sardinas, who has a lengthy arrest record, including charges of cocaine possession, grand theft and burglary, was picked up by deputies at mile marker 92. The girl identified Sardinas as her captor in a police line-up. Peterson was found at her home in Islamorada but was not immediately arrested. Linhardt said “more arrests and charges may be pending in this case.” CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP The Florida Keys, a string of islands stretching about 120 miles off the southern tip of the Florida mainland, has been closed off to visitors since March 22 as part of an effort to contain the spread of COVID-19 from infection hotspots in Broward and Miami-Dade counties. Authorities set up checkpoints on U.S. 1 and State Road 905, the two main roads reaching the archipelago, allowing only vehicles with the proper identification to pass. The lockdown restrictions against tourists are set to expire June 1, according to The Florida Keys & Key West official website. The Associated Press contributed to this report.
62018176|https://www.foxnews.com/politics/beto-orourke-mocks-texas-governors-reopening-message-then-hears-back-from-crenshaw-cruz|20200525_003445 - 8 hours ago|Beto O’Rourke mocks Texas governor’s reopening message – then hears back from Crenshaw, Cruz|Democrat Beto O’Rourke tried to get the upper hand late Friday, mocking the gradual reopening of the Texas economy from coronavirus shutdowns as “Dangerous, dumb and weak.” But at least two Texas Republicans weren’t having it. Rep. Dan Crenshaw and Sen. Ted Cruz each fired back at O’Rourke, the former congressman from El Paso who failed to unseat Cruz in 2018 and then ran an unsuccessful bid for the Democratic Party’s 2020 presidential nomination. TEXAS WOMAN GETS KIDNEY AFTER CORONAVIRUS DELAYS LIFESAVING TRANSPLANT: 'I WAS HANGING ON BY A THREAD' O’Rourke’s Twitter post was a reaction to a tweet by Texas Gov. Greg Abbott, who touted the Lone Star State’s reopening plan as “Safe, Smart, and Strong.” “Dangerous, dumb and weak,” O’Rourke wrote in retweeting Abbott’s message. “Is this the new Dem slogan?” Cruz snapped back. Crenshaw derided O’Rourke’s post as “a condescending reaction.” “The guy who wanted to be Texas’s Senator truly believes Texans can’t make decisions for themselves and that they are ‘dumb and weak’ for living their lives and trying to feed their families,” Crenshaw wrote. “And yes, he’s talking to all Texans, not just our governor,” Crenshaw added. “Governor Abbott can’t force anyone to go back to work. Texans are choosing to do that, despite what people like Beto scream from their ivory towers.” In a separate tweet, O’Rourke accused Crenshaw of “getting rich selling his own book to the GOP (and being Trump’s most reliable enabler in the House).” O’Rourke then asked his Twitter followers to donate to Crenshaw’s election opponent, Democrat Sima Ladjevardian, a Houston attorney. “Millionaires fundraising for millionaires,” Crenshaw responded. “All while telling middle-class Texans they’re ‘dumb and weak’ for wanting to get back to work.” Crenshaw, who served in Afghanistan as a Navy SEAL, then invited his Twitter followers to donate to his campaign. In more commentary on the Texas reopening plan, O’Rourke retweeted a Washington Post story that said Texas recently reported new single-day highs in both coronavirus infections and deaths. CLICK HERE FOR COMPLETE CORONAVIRUS COVERAGE “Despite what Trump & co. (Abbott & Patrick) say, stay home if you can & wear a mask if you have to go out. It will save lives,” O’Rourke wrote. Last week Gov. Abbott outlined Phase II of the Texas reopening plan. It permits child care centers, massage and personal care spas and youth clubs to reopen May 18; bars, bowling alleys, bingo halls and other entertainment venues to resume operations May 22 – with restaurants at 50 percent of capacity – and sets a May 31 reopening date for youth camps and sporting events. As of early Sunday, Texas – the nation’s No. 2 most populous state, with about 29 million residents – ranked No. 15 with about 1,400 coronavirus deaths, according to Johns Hopkins University.
67053091|https://www.foxnews.com/opinion/johhny-joey-jones-on-memorial-day-i-recall-fellow-marines-killed-in-war-luckily-i-only-lost-my-legs|20200525_003451 - 6 hours ago|Johnny ‘Joey’ Jones: On Memorial Day I honor fellow Marines killed in war – Luckily, I only lost my legs|PROGRAMMING ALERT: On Sunday, May 24 at 10 p.m. ET and on Monday, May 25 at 1 a.m. ET, the Fox News Channel will air "Modern Warriors: A Memorial Day Special." Join host Pete Hegseth and fellow veterans Johnny Joey Jones, Dan Rooney, Nate Boyer, and Medal of Honor recipient David Bellavia as they recount personal stories of service members who made the ultimate sacrifice for our freedom. The director's cut version of the show will be available on Fox Nation following the broadcast. Get all the latest news on coronavirus and more delivered daily to your inbox. Sign up here. On Monday, perhaps more than in most recent years, we shouldn’t just observe Memorial Day – we should celebrate it and the American heroes who made the ultimate sacrifice in service to our country. As a combat veteran of Iraq and Afghanistan who lost more than two dozen of my fellow Marines fighting the wars abroad – and a few fighting an internal war here at home – I feel many emotions thinking of the brave warriors I fought alongside. All these Marines were volunteers. Most of them enlisted during a time of war, each man making the personal decision that the promise of freedom for us all was more important than the prospect of a long life for himself. REP. BRIAN MAST: MEMORIAL DAY AND MY FALLEN FRIENDS SHOW US HOW TO THRIVE AFTER CORONAVIRUS While my own life changed dramatically in 2010 – when an improvised explosive device blew up and caused me to lose both legs above the knee and severely damaged my right forearm and both wrists – I was blessed to survive for a second chance at life. That’s something the heroes we honor this holiday didn’t have. My sacrifice is nothing compared to those who lost their lives, and I think of their bravery and patriotism every day – not just on Memorial Day. Among the many I knew well, a few close friends are tattooed on my arm and in my heart. Their faces are always present in my mind and I feel their impact on my life. I reflect with gratitude on Marine Cpl. Daniel Greer, who died from the bomb that took my legs. A University of Tennessee Volunteers fan, he had a special kind of charisma to win me – a diehard Bulldog fan from Georgia – over, and he that did almost immediately. His selflessness showed through as he stood by my side with a rifle to provide security while I worked to take apart IEDs with my hands. And I remember and honor Marine Gunnery Sgt. Floyd Holley, who was killed dismantling the IEDs I would’ve been responsible for had I not gotten hurt just a few weeks earlier. He was a mentor and friend with a baby girl due just a few months later. I can’t help but think that if I hadn’t lost my legs, I might have been killed by the bomb that tragically took his life. God knows I’d trade places with him in a heartbeat, but that just wasn’t my choice to make. I also think about my childhood best friend, Marine Sgt. Chris McDonald, who survived the worst of the war in Iraq only to struggle with his own demons like depression and opioid addiction. We worked hard to help him through his struggle, but we lost him when he took his own life in 2012. These are just a few of my brothers in arms – among the finest sons our great nation has produced – who likely would have lived decades longer had they not put their devotion to America ahead of themselves. These men aren’t just numbers that disappear in the more than 1.1milllion Americans who’ve perished in our nation’s wars. They, like all the others, were human beings who had dreams and insecurities, who loved and were loved. They were sons and fathers, brothers and husbands. It’s not enough to simply remember them with solemn thoughts. We have to honor them by allowing their sacrifice to effect positive change in country and in our lives. We should vote with our fallen heroes in mind. We should demand our leaders make decisions of war with the greatest of care and demand that they fulfill promises made to those who return from war. But honoring America’s war dead starts with ourselves. We have to connect the sacrifices of each and every American who died for our country with the benefits resulting from their sacrifice. We often hear the phrases on Memorial Day and other days that “freedom isn’t free” and “honor those who died protecting our freedoms.” But rarely do we hear these phrases at a time when our freedoms have been limited or taken away altogether, as has happened during the current coronavirus pandemic. Millions of us have endured some two months of lockdowns and isolation in a war against a microscopic enemy that is confirmed to have taken the lives of nearly 100,000 people in our country. By the end of the Memorial Day weekend, the number of dead from the coronavirus may exceed 100,000. The new invisible enemy taking the lives of men, women and children in our country – including many elderly military veterans – has prevented many of us from exercising freedoms protected by the Constitution’s Bill of Rights. Who among us could have imagined at the beginning of the year that our freedom to gather to worship God, or to exercise our other First and Second Amendment rights, or just to go shopping or eat in a restaurant, would have vanished for a time in an effort to save lives from this virus and give our country time to fight against it. These freedoms were something we took for granted, perhaps more so than the generations of our parents, grandparents and great-grandparents. They were freedoms that our earliest generations of Americans quite literally fought and died to obtain, and later generations have fought and died to secure. CLICK HERE TO SIGN UP FOR OUR OPINION NEWSLETTER Perhaps for the first time in a long time we have the opportunity on this Memorial Day to truly connect the sacrifice of our heroes with the impact this has had on our own daily lives. As our country begins to reopen, there’s a renewed passion and appreciation for these freedoms awakening in millions of Americans across the country. Today I don’t challenge you to simply remember my fellow Marines Chris, Floyd or Daniel ... or any of the other Americans who have given their lives for our country. I also challenge you to celebrate what their laying down of their lives has provided for you. Honor them by enjoying the freedoms in your life they helped secure by sacrificing their own lives. This is America, and we do stand for goodness towards all, self-determination and collective progress. As we all just witnessed, when necessary we will sacrifice, not just for ourselves, but for those among us who are vulnerable and in need. CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP So turn up a beverage and turn on a song, enjoy the sweet taste of your favorite food and the sweet warmth of the sun on your face. Look at the people you love, smiles on their faces and know, if only for a day ... that heroes who were strangers to you knew that your life and freedom were worth dying for. Now it’s up to you to make life and freedom worth living for. CLICK HERE TO READ MORE BY JOHNNY ‘JOEY’ JONES
84175361|https://www.foxnews.com/media/nascar-steve-phelps-coca-cola-600|20200525_003457 - 6 hours ago|NASCAR's Steve Phelps on Coca-Cola 600 honoring fallen US service members: 'A really special time for us'|NASCAR President Steve Phelps appeared on "Fox Report" Saturday to preview Sunday's Coca-Cola 600 at the Charlotte Motor Speedway in North Carolina and to discuss how the motor sport will honor fallen U.S. service members during the event. "The Coca-Cola 600, which starts at 6 p.m. on FOX, is it's just a special race. We have no other race like it," Phelps said. "Not only is it our longest race, but as you said this, you know, the fallen soldiers, and the name of the fallen soldiers on top of the windshield in honoring the Gold Star families... it's just a really special time for us." HOW TO WATCH NASCAR’S COCA-COLA 600 AT CHARLOTTE MOTOR SPEEDWAY Each car on Sunday will carry the name of a fallen service member above its windshield, and the field will pull into the pits mid-race for a moment of remembrance. Giving the command to fire things up at the race will reportedly be Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Gen. Mark Milley. Anchor Jon Scott asked Phelps why NASCAR fans have such a huge appreciation for the military. "I think part of it is... a fan is twice as likely to have served in the military in NASCAR than any other sport. And so there's just a natural connection between NASCAR and the military," Phelps explained. "There are other opportunities that we have to celebrate, obviously, wrapping ourselves in the flag or honoring our servicemen tomorrow is particularly special, just given that it's Memorial Day or the day before Memorial Day." Scott asked Phelps about organization holding races during the coronavirus pandemic after it restarted the season last week with no fans. Phelps said that despite the empty grandstands and the safety measures, there is normalcy in having races resume. "[In] between the green and the checkered, it feels very normal. So that part's fantastic. The protocols and procedures that we have in place for our competitors to keep them safe, we [developed] a fantastic plan, [worked] with local, state and federal health officials to make sure it was rock solid," Phelps said. "And it worked very well in Darlington. We expect the same thing in Charlotte tomorrow night." Fox News' Paulian Dedaj contributed to this report.
97109190|https://www.foxnews.com/media/dr-atlas-on-coronavirus-lockdowns-the-policy-is-killing-people|20200525_003506 - 6 hours ago|Dr. Atlas on coronavirus lockdowns: 'The policy ... is killing people'|Get all the latest news on coronavirus and more delivered daily to your inbox. Sign up here. Coronavirus lockdowns may be "killing" just as many people as the virus because many people with serious conditions unrelated to the virus have been skipping treatment, Hoover Institution senior fellow Dr. Scott Atlas said Saturday on "Fox Report." "I think one thing that's not somehow receiving attention is the CDC just came out with their fatality rates," Atlas said. "And lo and behold, they verify what people have been saying for over a month now, including my Stanford epidemiology colleagues and everyone else in the world who's done this analysis -- and that is that the infection fatality rate is less than one-tenth of the original estimate." CORONAVIRUS: WHAT YOU NEED TO KNOW Even White House coronavirus task force member Dr. Anthony Fauci is acknowledging the harm caused by the lockdown, Atlas said. "The policy itself is killing people. I mean, I think everyone's heard about 650,000 people on cancer, chemo, half of whom didn't come in. Two thirds of cancer screenings didn't come in. 40 percent of stroke patients urgently needing care didn't come in," Atlas said. "And now we have over half the people, children in the United States not getting vaccinations. This is really what [Fauci] said was irreparable harm." "And I and my colleagues from other institutions have calculated the cost of the lockdown in terms of lives lost," Atlas said. "Every month is about equal to the entire cost of lives lost during the COVID infection itself. This is a tragic, misguided public policy to extend this lockdown, whether or not it was justifiable in the beginning." Many states are currently reopening their economies slowly, while a few have pledged to extend the lockdowns through the summer. CLICK HERE FOR COMPLETE CORONAVIRUS COVERAGE The doctor also argued against keeping children out of schools, saying there's no reason they can't go back. "There's no science whatsoever to keep K-through-12 schools closed, nor to have masks or social distancing on children, nor to keep summer programs closed," Atlas said. "What we know now is that the risk of death and the risk of even a serious illness is nearly zero in people under 18."
85791162|https://www.foxnews.com/politics/trump-targeted-michigans-top-3-officials-because-theyre-all-women-state-ag-says|20200525_003512 - 7 hours ago|Trump targeted Michigan's top 3 officials because they're all women, state AG says|Get all the latest news on coronavirus and more delivered daily to your inbox. Sign up here. Michigan Attorney General Dana Nessel continued her criticism of President Trump on Friday, claiming he had “risked the health, safety and welfare” of all Michiganders by removing his mask during a tour of a Ford Motor Co. factory in the state Tuesday. “I will not remain silent and just twiddle my thumbs as I see him do that," Nessel told NPR's "All Things Considered." Nessel said she believes Trump has been at odds with the state’s top three leaders recently, in part because they’re all women. "I guess if any one of us were doing Secretary [of State Mike] Pompeo's dishes, he might be fine with us. But since we're not and we're actually running the state of Michigan, he seems to have a real issue," she told NPR. TRUMP BLASTS MICHIGAN AG FOR 'VICIOUSLY THREATENING' FORD FOR LETTIGN HIM TOUR PLANT WITHOUT MASK Trump called Nessel the “Wacky Do Nothing Attorney General of Michigan,” on Twitter on Thursday after his Ford plant tour and claimed she “viciously attacked” the company after his visit. Nessel told CNN the state would have a “very serious conversation” with Ford for allowing the president to take off his mask. Nessel also shot back on Twitter, saying it seemed like "you have a problem with all 3 women who run MI-as well as your ability to tell the truth.” In recent weeks, Trump has also been feuding with Michigan’s Gov. Gretchen Whitmer and Secretary of State Jocelyn Benson. Whitmer, a Democrat, first drew Trump’s ire in late March, when he posted that she was in “way in over her head, she doesn’t have a clue” about the amount of federal supplies the state needed to deal with the coronavirus. “I've asked repeatedly and respectfully for help,” Whitmer answered back at the time. “We need it. No more political attacks, just PPEs, ventilators, N95 masks, test kits. You said you stand with Michigan — prove it.” Trump more recently sided with protesters calling for Whitmer to reopen the state amid Michigan’s stay-at-home order and last week he threatened to cut the state’s federal funding if the Michigan expands voting by mail for the November election. Whitmer told CBS News the move was a “ridiculous,” “scary” distraction. On Wednesday, Trump tweeted he “will ask to hold up funding to Michigan if they want to go down this Voter Fraud path!” Trump also called Benson a “rogue Secretary of State" Wednesday, claiming she “illegally” and “without authorization” sent out absentee ballots to all registered voters. Voters in Michigan are actually sent ballot applications. “Every Michigan registered voter has a right to vote by mail,” Benson tweeted at Trump. “I have the authority & responsibility to make sure that they know how to exercise this right - just like my GOP colleagues are doing in GA, IA, NE and WV.” Nessel reitered her specualtion about the president's motives to NBC News. CLICK HERE FOR COMPLETE CORONAVIRUS COVERAGE “Michigan is the only state with women who hold our three executive offices and just in the last — we’re the only state where the president has individually gone after each one of us,” she said, according to NBC. “You do the math.”
88249404|https://www.foxnews.com/sports/tiger-woods-phil-mickelson-match-with-nfl-stars-could-raise-10m-for-coronavirus-relief|20200525_003519 - 7 hours ago|Tiger Woods-Phil Mickelson match with NFL stars could raise $10M for coronavirus relief|Get all the latest news on coronavirus and more delivered daily to your inbox. Sign up here. The purpose is to raise $10 million or more for COVID-19 relief efforts, and provide entertainment with four of the biggest stars from the PGA Tour and NFL. Another appeal to the Sunday made-for-TV exhibition, “The Match: Champions for Charity,” is a chance to see Tiger Woods swing a golf club for the first time in 98 days. Live golf is on television for the second straight Sunday, this one with the game's biggest headliner. CAPITAL ONE'S THE MATCH: WHAT TO KNOW ABOUT THE GOLF EVENT Woods was last seen on television Feb. 16 at the Genesis Invitational, where he moved cautiously in California's chilly late winter weather and posted weekend rounds of 76-77 to finish last among the 68 players who made the cut at Riviera. He skipped a World Golf Championship in Mexico City, and said his surgically repaired back wasn't quite ready in sitting out the opening three weeks of the Florida swing. And then the pandemic took over, and there has been no place to play. This is a reasonable start. Woods and retired NFL quarterback Peyton Manning will face Phil Mickelson and Tom Brady, who won six Super Bowls with the New England Patriots and signed this year with Tampa Bay. The match will be at Medalist Golf Club in Hobe Sound, Florida. It is Woods' home course and about 20 minutes from Seminole, where last week Rory McIlroy, Dustin Johnson, Rickie Fowler and Matthew Wolff ushered golf's return to live television. What to make of Woods? His only interviews were with GolfTV, the Discovery-owned channel with whom Woods has a financial deal, and a playful Zoom call with the other match participants hosted by Ernie Johnson of Turner Sports, which is televising the match. He described his health in the April 9 interview with GolfTV as “night and day.” “I feel a lot better than I did then,” Woods said. “I've been able to turn a negative into a positive and been able to train a lot and get my body to where I think it should be.” Mickelson has missed the cut in four of his five tournaments this year — the exception was third place at Pebble Beach, where he started the final round one shot behind Nick Taylor and closed with a 75. Just like last week, rust is to be expected for players who haven't competed in two months — three, in the case of Woods. Manning, meanwhile, is retired and is a golf junkie. Brady remains employed, and this week got in some informal work with his new teammates in Tampa Bay. No fans will be allowed, just like last week at Seminole. One difference is the players will be in their own carts, whereas the four PGA Tour players last week carried their bags. But this is as much about entertainment as competition. It's the second edition of a match between Woods and Mickelson, the dominant players of their generation and rivals by name, but not necessarily by record. Woods has 82 career victories to 44 for Mickelson, leads 15-5 in major championships and 11-0 in winning PGA Tour player of the year. Mickelson won their first made-for-TV match over Thanksgiving weekend in 2018, a pay-per-view event that ran into technical problems and was free for all. Lefty won in a playoff under the lights for $9 million in a winner-take-all match. He also has a 5-3-1 advantage over Woods in the nine times they have played in the final round on the PGA Tour, most recently in the AT&T Pebble Beach Pro-Am in 2012 when Mickelson shot 64 to a 75 for Woods. He also stopped two streaks. Woods was going for his seventh straight PGA Tour victory when Mickelson beat him at Torrey Pines in 2000. Later that year, Woods had won 19 consecutive times on the PGA Tour when he had at least a share of the 54-hole lead until Mickelson beat him at the Tour Championship. CLICK HERE FOR COMPLETE CORONAVIRUS COVERAGE Woods, however, captured the streak that mattered, holding off Mickelson in the final group at the Masters in 2001 to hold all four professional majors at the same time. The banter was lacking in Las Vegas, and perhaps having Manning and Brady will change the dynamics. The broadcast includes Charles Barkley providing commentary and Justin Thomas, whom Woods has embraced, on the course as a reporter in his television debut. After this exhibition, golf has two weeks before the PGA Tour is set to return at Colonial in Fort Worth, Texas. Mickelson plans to play. Woods has not said when he will return.
3156140|https://www.foxnews.com/opinion/charlie-kirk-coronavirus-shouldnt-take-away-our-god-given-freedoms-los-angeles-mayor-doesnt-get-that|20200525_003528 - 8 hours ago|Charlie Kirk: Coronavirus shouldn’t take away our God-given freedoms – Los Angeles mayor doesn’t get that|Get all the latest news on coronavirus and more delivered daily to your inbox. Sign up here. In a recent interview that I highlighted on my podcast, Los Angeles Mayor Eric Garcetti made perhaps the most incredible statement by any socialist-sympathizing politician during the current coronavirus crisis. He actually vaporized the entire Bill of Rights in less than an entire sentence. Discussing the severe restrictions he imposed on residents of his city in response to the coronavirus pandemic, Garcetti said: “let’s continue to earn this freedom.” Earn our freedom? HUNKER DOWN: SOME STATES SAY NO FULL-SCALE REOPENING UNTIL CORONAVIRUS VACCINE, TREATMENT IS READY Without a close competition for second place, this is the most outrageous and un-American statement I can remember coming from a major political figure. What’s perhaps most troubling is that Garcetti probably didn’t even realize it. Our Declaration of Independence makes it crystal clear that we as Americans don’t have to “earn” anything from the likes of Garcetti or Los Angeles County Health Director Barbara Ferrer. The Declaration states: “We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights, that among these are life- liberty, and the pursuit of happiness.” But of course, you know this, even if the mayor doesn’t. Newsflash, Mr. Mayor: God gave us our freedom and unless you recently got a serious promotion that we’re unaware of, I don’t think you have the requisite authority. The mayor clearly has confused the idea of English philosopher John Locke’s natural law with Los Angeles’ emergency ordinances and decrees. Let me help set you straight, Mayor Garcetti. While the idea of natural law predates Locke (who was born in 1632) in various forms, it was Locke who made it front and center with regard to defining a just form of government. Locke made it clear that natural law applies to all people and can be discovered through reason. No revelation required, as is the case with Divine Law. Our right to life, liberty and property were “natural” under Locke’s construct. He believed that virtually any limitation imposed by government upon our use and expression of those rights is a violation of the law, not an expression of it. Garcetti seems to think that his ideas and those of his advisers supersede natural law and our Constitution, and if we’re good boys and girls, we might just be rewarded and have our fragile freedoms restored. Garcetti is treating residents of his city like children who have had their favorite video game taken away and have to keep their rooms clean for five straight days to get it back. The mayor is telling us that rights are not rights, but are simply state-granted privileges. The city of Los Angeles and Los Angeles County have some of the most severe coronavirus restrictions of any communities in the country. Just as recently as Tuesday, the near house-arrest measures were said to be likely extended another three months as directed by Dr. Ferrer. Doctor of what, by the way? I share a growing skepticism held by many Americans of doctors being given under-examined, unchecked influence either in government or in the media, simply because they have the title of doctor before their name. I respect their experience, and value their counsel, but it doesn’t mean we shouldn’t question their conclusions. Ferrer, for example, is a doctor of social welfare, not medicine. She’s supposed to be overseeing Los Angeles’ growing homeless crisis. Instead, she’s best known for starting the National Day of Racial Healing while at the Kellogg Foundation, as well as Truth, Racial Healing, and Transformation Centers on university campuses. And now Ferrer is known for advising Garcetti to extend Los Angeles’ draconian lockdown measures all the way to Independence Day. CLICK HERE TO SIGN UP FOR OUR OPINION NEWSLETTER Presumably with Ferrer’s support, Garcetti’s statement is the sort of a slip that reveals his contempt for our Declaration of Independence and Constitution. Going back to President Woodrow Wilson and ever since, Democrats have ranged from expressing frustration to voicing open hostility for the limits that the Constitution places on government and their collectivist dreams of ordering society the way they believe is best. Freedom means being able to walk in whatever direction you wish to walk when enjoying a public park. Liberals hate that! CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP Thank you, Mayor Garcetti and Dr. Ferrer, for showing us your hand. I have a message to Garcetti and Ferrer and to all the other mayors and doctors out here who are enjoying their moment of directing freedom-limiting public policy by edict, telling us what we have to do to “earn it back.” Our freedom is not yours to give back to us. It is ours to take back from you. CLICK HERE TO READ MORE BY CHARLIE KIRK
51969543|https://www.foxnews.com/tech/upgrade-home-office-assess-covid-risks-destroy-sent-email-and-more-tech-qa|20200525_003532 - 9 hours ago|Upgrade home office, assess COVID risks, destroy sent email and more: Tech Q&A|Each week, I receive tons of questions from my listeners about tech concerns, new products, and all things digital. Sometimes, choosing the most interesting questions to highlight is the best part of my job. This week, I received questions about gathering headlines together, addictive Alexa skills, private search engines, and more. Do you have a question you'd like to ask me? Tap or click here to email me directly. Calculate your risk of dying from COVID-19 Q: I see the maps. I hear the statistics. But is there a site that will tell me what my chances are of getting COVID-19? A: "Getting" coronavirus is hard to predict because you would have to describe your daily activities, work environment, living situation, and so on. But OurRisk.CoV determines (brace yourself) how likely you are to die from COVID-19. Based on some personal data and medical history, the site will calculate your chances of dying from COVID-19. For most of us, this site is a powerful reminder that COVID-19 is a serious situation. Still, it may also offer relief if your odds of survival are high. Tap or click to see how likely you are to die if you contract COVID-19. Self-destructing email Q: Is it possible to send an email that self-destructs after a person sees it? I'm no James Bond, but I do like martinis! A: "This message will self-destruct…" It's one of the most famous refrains in television history, thanks to "Mission: Impossible." But nowadays, self-destructing messages are more than just a spy-story trope; they exist, thanks to a service called Privnote. This tool is handy when you're sending confidential information or private correspondence and you need recipients to read your message but not retain a copy in their inbox. Remember, though, that the message can be forwarded or captured as a screenshot. In most cases, the recipient will read the message and watch it vanish without fanfare. You can set your message to be read for up to 30 days after its transmission. The best part: It's free! Tap or click here for sending secure, self-destructing messages. News junkie ultimate setup Q: I am a news-aholic! How can I set up my home office computer so I can follow it all at once? A: I love to stay up to date with headlines and breaking news, and I review dozens of websites every morning. But the real maven is Ben, our News Director at Komando headquarters. He has brilliantly configured his desk, including multiple screens, a well-positioned webcam, and lots of affordable, specialized gadgets to maximize his workflow. Ben was kind enough to describe his work station with my readers and provide photos, explaining how he organizes and interacts with his space. This desk setup might not work for everybody, but if you need to absorb large amounts of information and set up rapid-fire video conferences at a moment's notice, you may want to take notes. Tap or click here for how a news pro configured his home office. Google alternatives Q: Google tracks me, and I hate it. What is a search site that I can use instead of Google? A: You said it. It's now common knowledge that Google – and other big tech companies – harvest your data, which includes tracking your browsing and even your physical movements. Many people are pursuing other search engines to explore the web privately. One of my favorites is DuckDuckGo, an independent company based in Pennsylvania. As a company, DuckDuckGo is the polar opposite of Google, but the search engine is quite capable and has nifty features. If you're looking for a more heavy-duty browser that can even explore the Dark Web, you might consider Tor. Tap or click here to stop being tracked with these Google alternatives. Alexa clever uses Q: I have an Amazon Echo. I don't use it much anymore. What do you use Alexa for? A: The Echo made a huge splash a few years ago, and millions were given as Christmas gifts. The Echo is inexpensive and straightforward, but it transformed regular houses into smart homes. Tech-minded users could open garage doors, arm security systems, and dim lights with a simple voice command. This was an impressive feat for a Bluetooth speaker system, but not everybody needed to exercise that level of power. So for regular people, what is the Echo good for? Alexa can summarize your recent emails, jot down a "to-do" list, and serve as your personal trainer. She'll even tell you a joke to make you smile. Tap or click here for Alexa skills you'll use all the time. What digital lifestyle questions do you have? Call Kim's national radio show and tap or click here to find it on your local radio station. You can listen to or watch The Kim Komando Show on your phone, tablet, television, or computer. Or tap or click here for Kim's free podcasts. Copyright 2020, WestStar Multimedia Entertainment. All rights reserved. Learn about all the latest technology on The Kim Komando Show, the nation's largest weekend radio talk show. Kim takes calls and dispenses advice on today's digital lifestyle, from smartphones and tablets to online privacy and data hacks. For her daily tips, free newsletters, and more, visit her website at Komando.com.
81577657|https://www.foxnews.com/politics/virginia-gov-northam-criticized-after-not-wearing-mask-or-social-distancing-on-beach|20200525_003540 - 15 hours ago|Virginia Gov. Northam criticized after not wearing mask or social distancing on beach|Get all the latest news on coronavirus and more delivered daily to your inbox. Sign up here. Virginia Gov. Ralph Northam faced criticism on social media after appearing in Virginia Beach Saturday without a face mask and not practicing social distancing measures around members of the public. Northam reportedly visited the beach with Mayor Bobby Dye on the second day of the beach’s reopening, according to local news outlet 13News Now. Virginia Beach's reopening is considered a test to see if people can safely follow social distancing rules before other beaches in Virginia reopen. But Northam, who previously served as an Army doctor, came under fire when images of him surfaced on social media not wearing a face mask and apparently in close contact with other community members. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) reminded the public this week that the coronavirus mainly spreads person-to-person when in close proximity, while it also revealed that surface contamination is far less likely than previously thought. According to the state-mandated rules, people are allowed to be outside without a mask when sunbathing, swimming and fishing as long as they remain distant from other parties. NORTHAM DITCHES CORONAVIRUS RESTRICTIONS FOR VIRGINIA BEACH AFTER WEEKEND SEES CROWDS DEFY HIS ORDERS The governor’s office told NBC in a statement: “The governor has repeatedly encouraged wearing face coverings inside or when social distancing is impossible. He was outside today and not expecting to be within 6 feet of anyone.” The governor is expected to announce new mask protocols on Tuesday, according to an NBC source in the governor’s office. All inside businesses will have new face-covering requirements as the state slowly returns to business as usual. VIRGINIA GOVERNOR TO DELAY REOPENING NORTHERN PARTS OF STATE, NEAR DC, FOR TWO WEEKS The state initiated Phase One of its reopening plan on May 15, but northern Virginia was allowed to wait until midnight May 28 to start reopening, to give local businesses more time to meet the new health and safety standards. Phase One of the plan still bans social gatherings of 10 people or more, and the recommended social distancing guideline of six feet or more is still in place. CLICK HERE FOR THE FOX NEWS APP Northam could not be immediately reached by Fox News for comment on his violation of the state’s social distancing regulations at the beach.
1276942|https://www.foxnews.com/tech/your-phone-in-a-covid-19-world-10-diy-steps-to-take-now|20200525_003546 - 1 day ago|Your phone in a COVID-19 world; 10 DIY steps to take now|Lockdowns are loosening, people are returning to public life and back to work. We all know the importance of washing our hands, but tech can help. Tap or click here for the best smart door locks to help prevent spreading germs. If you are looking for work, there are legitimate opportunities. The worst thing you can do is Google “find a job.” Instead, visit my site where we have listed over 40 different companies that are hiring right now. You’re probably spending a lot more time than usual on your phone since COVID-19 hit. Take a few minutes now to bring it back to its normal state as you figure out your new normal. Now that you’re not stuck at home, you may not rely on certain apps for education, entertainment or communication. Remove the ones you don’t need anymore. You probably spent most of your time connected to Wi-Fi at home. Now that you’ll be out-and-about, you don’t want to accidentally hit your data cap. Low data mode stops background syncing and app refreshes: To enable Data Saver Mode: RELATED: COVID scams are out of control. Tap or click for 6 ways to keep hackers off your network and computer. When your charger is nearby, it doesn’t matter if your battery life and energy settings are optimized. But when you’re on the go, you’ll want your phone to charge quickly and last as long as possible. Battery optimization is on by default on most Androids. Here’s how to check for Android 8.0 and higher. Post-lockdown, prepare yourself for a barrage of texts and calls. You can always activate “Do Not Disturb” to avoid feeling overwhelmed. But there will be certain friends, family or coworkers you want to hear from. Here’s how to exclude them from the Do Not Disturb rule. To start, create a group of contacts. For Android, you’ll also start by setting up a group. RELATED: Want to learn something new? Tap or click here for 10 helpful iPhone functions or tap or click here for 10 Android tricks and shortcuts. Tip in a Tip: If you use Zoom, you’re going to wish you knew these keyboard short-cuts before now. Mute and unmute yourself, stop your camera, quickly send an invite, and more. Nice! Set Do Not Disturb while you drive. Anyone who contacts you will get pre-written texts that tell them you’re in the car. In addition, your phone’s screen will stay dark, and you will not be notified until you come to a stop. BONUS TIP: Give emergency personnel your stats even if you can’t With the coronavirus pandemic, we’re certainly living in uncertain times. If an emergency occurs, you may be unable to inform someone of your medication allergies or medical conditions. But your phone can. Tap or click here to set up your phone so that emergency personnel can see your medical history and medications. What digital lifestyle questions do you have? Call Kim's national radio show and tap or click here to find it on your local radio station. You can listen to or watch The Kim Komando Showon your phone, tablet, television or computer. Or tap or click here for Kim's free podcasts. Copyright 2020, WestStar Multimedia Entertainment. All rights reserved. Learn about all the latest technology on the Kim Komando Show, the nation's largest weekend radio talk show. Kim takes calls and dispenses advice on today's digital lifestyle, from smartphones and tablets to online privacy and data hacks. For her daily tips, free newsletters and more, visit her website at Komando.com.
59121665|https://www.foxnews.com/us/north-carolina-veterans-military-funeral-honor-guard-video-coronavirus|20200525_003551 - 14 hours ago|NC veterans make video for those who can't receive military funeral honor guard during coronavirus|Get all the latest news on coronavirus and more delivered daily to your inbox. Sign up here. A group of military veterans out of Mount Airy, N.C., made a video to bestow a funeral honor guard upon departed service members who are unable to receive one due to the novel coronavirus outbreak. The effort was led by Rob Luffman, whose late father Bobby Luffman served in the Air Force. He said he saw a friend share a Facebook post asking for someone to play taps at her dad's funeral several weeks ago. The woman's father had served three tours in Vietnam. "That was the first time it occurred to me that veterans were not getting honors ceremonies at graveside services," he told Fox News. "I had no idea it was an issue. Never thought it would be. It's only an issue due to the COVID pandemic. "So I started calling local VFWs," Luffman explained. "I started calling my friends who were in the services, trying to track down any honor guard willing to stage one for a film. Finally Mr. Arlis Thomas called me back from Mount Airy and got the group together. We scheduled it and met for the first time to do the film." BLUE ANGELS HONOR US NAVAL ACADEMY'S CLASS OF 2020 WITH SPECIAL FLYOVER: SEE THE VIDEO He said he and his friend Jon Brooks usually photograph landscapes, but that both jumped at the chance to honor America's veterans. "I arranged it with my friend and fellow photographer Jon Brooks. Normally we only do still landscapes and wildlife photos, so this video was a first," Luffman explained. "The VFW members were kind, happy and elated to do the film. They took a few minutes to rehearse since they haven't done a ceremony since February. I believe they said they did 86 of them last year. When it was ready to do go, they did the show -- filmed in one take. It brings tears to the eyes. Everything was perfect." Luffman said he hopes families of deceased service members use his video as a way to honor their loved ones as the COVID-19 pandemic continues to rage on. CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP "They knew what this means to everyone. They performed admirably. They did it with honor and care," he said. "The film is on the Internet. All I ask is that the link to the YouTube video be shared so folks in need can find it, and share it with loved ones in times of need. That's all we ask. It was the right thing to do, and we did it."
22689049|https://www.foxnews.com/us/second-new-york-city-covid-field-hospital-dismantled-beds-needed-reopening|20200525_003558 - 15 hours ago|Second NYC field hospital dismantled, despite bed threshold needed to reopen amid coronavirus pandemic|Get all the latest news on coronavirus and more delivered daily to your inbox. Sign up here. Officials announced Friday that the Brooklyn Field Hospital in New York City will be dismantled, despite state criteria that a certain number of beds be available to handle any potential influx of patients stemming from the novel coronavirus outbreak as the region looks to reopen. The City first reported on the closure of the $21 million facility that was pushed forward by Democrat Mayor Bill de Blasio back in March. De Blasio announced plans on March 31 to transform the Brooklyn Cruise Terminal in Red Hook into a hospital that would be able to accommodate 670 beds for coronavirus patients. The hospital will now reportedly close its doors without having ever treated a single patient. Gov. Andrew Cuomo, also a Democrat, has said that all regions within the state must keep at least 30 percent of their share of total hospital beds open in preparation for a potential second wave of COVID-19; it is one of the seven metrics a region must meet in order to begin Phase One of reopening. New York City is currently 2 percent short of meeting the 30-percent goal of total open hospital beds, according to the state's Regional Monitoring Dashboard. The contract to build the field hospital was reportedly given to Texas-based contractor SLSCO under a no-bid emergency deal. The medical center was supposed to open in April but wasn't finished until May 4, according to The Daily Mail. Fox News reached out to the offices of both Cuomo and de Blasio for comment and to ask if the closure will have any effect on the number of beds that are being calculated for the region in order to meet the threshold for Phase 1 of the state's reopening. Neither office responded to the requests for comment. NEW YORK KNICKS LEGEND PARICK EWING TESTS POSITIVE FOR CORONAVIRUS Samaritan's Purse field hospital in Central Park had also been dismantled due to public outcry about the political and religious beliefs of the hospital's backers. The final patients were discharged from the 68-bed hospital on May 5 and the dozens of tents have been decontaminated to be sent back to the warehouse in North Carolina, Samaritan's Purse said in a statement to Fox News. The news of the second field hospital closure comes on the same day that the death rate from COVID-19 in New York dropped below 100 for the first time since March 24. These positive trends indicate that the virus is being beaten back, and the numbers could lead to the Long Island region reopening as soon as Wednesday, according to the governor. "It's a sign that we are making real progress and I feel good about that," Cuomo said during a press briefing. On Friday, 84 people in New York died from coronavirus -- down from 109 a day earlier. The peak of daily deaths was 799 people on April 8. Not all of the news out of New York has been positive, however, as Cuomo continues to face criticism for his decision to allow elderly patients recovering from COVID-19 to re-enter nursing home facilities. The governor defended his decision during a Saturday press conference, despite being called out by various GOP leaders for what they deemed to be poor decision-making. "New York followed the president's agencies' guidance," Cuomo said. "What New York did was follow what the Republican Administration said to do. That's not my attempt to politicize it. It's my attempt to depoliticize it. So don't criticize the state for following the president's policy." CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP An Associated Press report from Friday was highly critical of the way Cuomo handled the state’s nursing home crisis. It found more than 4,300 coronavirus-infected elderly patients were sent to vulnerable nursing homes under a controversial state directive that was ultimately scrapped amid national scrutiny. As of Saturday evening, there were more than 1.6 million confirmed coronavirus cases in the U.S. and nearly 97,000 deaths, according to Johns Hopkins University. Fox News' Marisa Schultz and Vandana Rambaran contributed to this report.
20027379|https://www.foxnews.com/entertainment/alyssa-milano-roasted-twitter-crocheted-face-mask|20200525_003607 - 16 hours ago|Alyssa Milano roasted on Twitter after posting crocheted face mask: 'Masks keep people safe and healthy'|Get all the latest news on coronavirus and more delivered daily to your inbox. Sign up here. Actress Alyssa Milano was criticized Saturday on Twitter after sharing a picture of herself and her family wearing coronavirus face masks and encouraging others to do the same -- but hers appeared to have holes in it, as it was crocheted. Milano posted a photo of herself in a car with her husband and two children, who were all wearing facial coverings. "Show me your masks! Masks keep people safe and healthy. Show me yours! Ready? Go!" she tweeted. NEW YORK KNICKS LEGEND PATRICK EWING TESTS POSITIVE FOR CORONVIRUS Twitter users were quick to point out how Milano's crocheted mask had holes in it and likely wasn't doing anything at all. "Your mask is exactly what this fence does to keep mosquitoes out," one user wrote, along with a photo of a fence with many openings in it. Others also posted photos bashing Milano's choice of mask. And social media personality Mark Dice posted a comment indicative of the backlash the actress received and wrote, "You should try this one on." After multiple Twitter users critiqued her, Milano replied saying there was a filter inside the mask. "A--holes, mask has a carbon filter in it. So, yes, it might be crochet but totally safe," Milano wrote. "Mask has a filter in it for f---'s sake. A carbon one. My mom makes them. #WearAMask" CLICK HERE FOR THE FOX NEWS APP As of Saturday evening, there have been more than 1.6 million confirmed cases of coronavirus in the U.S. and over 97,000 deaths, according to Johns Hopkins University.
52089092|https://www.foxnews.com/world/africa-coronavirus-cases-top-100000-who|20200525_003614 - 17 hours ago|Coronavirus cases in Africa top 100,000 as WHO says virus is on a 'different pathway'|Get all the latest news on coronavirus and more delivered daily to your inbox. Sign up here. The coronavirus has reached every African country, infecting more than 100,000 people, the World Health Organization (WHO) announced Friday. But deaths remain low in the continent compared to other parts of the world. With only 3,100 confirmed coronavirus deaths there, experts believe that Africa “appears to be taking a different pathway,” according to a new WHO report. In comparison, when Europe reported 100,000 cases, death rates were already close to 5,000. EAST AFRICA FEARS 'TRIPLE THREAT' FROM CORONAVIRUS, FLOODS AND LOCUSTS WHO officials believe this could be due to Africa’s age demographics, as more than 60 percent of the continent's population is under the age of 25. In Europe, nearly 95 percent of the reported deaths were over the age of 60. “For now, COVID-19 has made a soft landfall in Africa, and the continent has been spared the high numbers of deaths [that] have devastated other regions of the world,” WHO Regional Director for Africa Dr. Matshidiso Moeti said in Friday’s report. The strict guidelines that were quickly enforced are also believed to have contributed to the low number of infections and fatalities. LOCKDOWN MEASURES HAVE KEPT NEARLY 80 MILLION CHILDREN FROM RECEIVING PREVENTIVE VACCINES But as countries are loosening restrictions in the attempt to aid their economies, WHO officials worry that there could be a spike in new cases. The report noted that cases are still on the rise in Africa and “while overall it took 52 days to reach the first 10,000 cases, it took only 11 days to move from 30,000 to 50,000 cases.” Another factor worrying officials is the rate of community transmission, with more than half of the countries in Africa struggling with this issue. CLICK HERE FOR THE FOX NEWS APP Low testing rates are also a problem, explained Dr. Ahmed Al Mandhari, WHO regional director for the Eastern Mediterranean. “Despite global shortages, we are working hard to prioritize the delivery of testing kits and personal protective equipment to low- and middle-income countries that have the most vulnerable populations, based on the number of cases reported.” A new study by WHO also showed that the health care community could easily be overwhelmed if “containment measures fail,” according to the organization's report.
40866232|https://www.foxnews.com/faith-values/mississippi-church-injunction-hold-services-days-after-burned-to-ground|20200525_003620 - 17 hours ago|Mississippi church granted injunction to hold services just days after being burned to the ground|Get all the latest news on coronavirus and more delivered daily to your inbox. Sign up here. The First Pentecostal Church of Holly Springs in Mississippi was granted an injunction Friday to hold in-person services pending appeal, just three days after an arsonist burned the building to the ground. Last month, U.S. District Judge Michael P. Mills ruled that the church could hold drive-thru services after its pastor Jerry Waldrop was cited by police for having an Easter Sunday Mass in defiance of the local stay-at-home order amid the coronavirus outbreak. Thomas More Society Senior Counsel Stephen Crampton, who has represented the church in court, continued to push for the congregation's right to gather in person despite the coronavirus pandemic. While Crampton and Waldrop were awaiting the Fifth Circuit's ruling, the church was set on fire by vandals early Wednesday morning, who also spraypainted a message that read: "I Bet you stay home now you hypokrits [sic]." Maj. Kelly McMillian of the Marshall County Sheriff’s Department confirmed the fire to be a criminal act of arson, and said the investigation is still ongoing. The federal Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives (ATF) is also investigating the incident. DEVASTATING MISSISSIPPI CHURCH FIRE INVESTIGATED AS ARSON After the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit granted the injunction, Crampton spoke with Fox News about the ruling and said there's no better way to celebrate Memorial Day than by honoring America's First Amendment rights. “We are thankful for the Fifth Circuit’s prompt ruling and for the restoration of the right to worship in person. We hope that as the nation celebrates Memorial Day and remembers our veterans, we also celebrate and remember our precious Constitutional rights, for which many brave men and women fought and paid the ultimate sacrifice," he said in a statement. "As for the next steps, the Fifth Circuit remanded the case back to the district court," Crampton continued. "While our motion for a preliminary injunction is still pending in that court, the City has until May 28 to file a response, and then we have until June 4 to file our reply. As a practical matter, though, the City's latest Stay Home Order will expire on June 3 unless they extend it again, which I believe is unlikely, so the need for injunctive relief may become moot at that point." After the Fifth Circuit sided with First Pentecostal, Judge Don Willett issued a concurrence slamming the city for trying to argue that the act of arson rendered the case null and void. “One might expect a city to express sympathy or outrage (or both) when a neighborhood house of worship is set ablaze," Willett wrote. "One would be mistaken. Rather than condemn the crime’s depravity, the City seized advantage, insisting that the Church’s First Amendment claim necessarily went up in smoke when the church did... This argument is shameful." He added: "When the parishioners of First Pentecostal Church leave their homes on Sundays, they are not going to church; they are the church. The church is not the building." CLICK HERE FOR THE FOX NEWS APP President Trump on Friday called for all houses of worship across the country to be reopened as "essential" to the operation of the nation. "The governors need to do the right thing and allow these very important essential places of faith to open right now -- for this weekend," Trump said. "If they don't do it, I will override the governors." Crampton issued a statement that same day, celebrating the commander-in-chief's comments and emphasizing the importance of religion in everyday life. “We appreciate and fully endorse the President’s call to reopen the churches," he said. "Churches are essential organizations; they provide essential services that are desperately needed during these desperate times. As President Trump said, ‘We need more prayer in America, not less.’" Crampton added, "The discriminatory labeling of churches as nonessential by many governors across the nation has infringed our rights and injured our recovery from this terrible pandemic. It is high time to reopen the churches.”
77976290|https://www.foxnews.com/politics/team-trump-campaigning-beaches-memorial-day-weekend|20200525_003627 - 18 hours ago|Team Trump campaigning at beaches Memorial Day weekend|The Trump campaign is delivering sky-high 2020 messages to beachgoers this Memorial Day weekend from the Jersey Shore down to the Florida Panhandle. President Trump's campaign will fly "Keep America Great" aerial banners at eight popular beach destinations Saturday, Sunday and Monday as Americans, cooped up from months of coronavirus stay-at-home orders, celebrate the official start of summertime in the sun. "President Trump is boldly leading our country to a better and brighter future,” Tim Murtaugh, Trump 2020 communications director, said in a statement. “This Memorial Day, Team Trump is reminding Americans that President Trump will never stop working to ‘Keep America Great’ on their behalf.” TRUMP CAMPAIGN LAUNCHES 'YOU AIN'T BLACK' WEBSITE AMID BIDEN CONTROVERSY The 2020 election is less than six months away, but it has taken a backseat to the coronavirus pandemic. Social distancing has prevented large gatherings, traditional glad-handing events and in-person fundraising. And it's unclear how those types of events would resume in earnest before the November election. Presumptive Democrat nominee Joe Biden has been hunkered down in his Delaware basement, where he's launched a virtual campaign. Meanwhile, Trump is visible at the White House, but he hasn't held one of his signature campaign rallies since March 2 in North Carolina. Trump signaled this week that he wants to bring the rallies back in some fashion. NEW BIDEN AD CLAIMS TRUMP ‘FROZE LIKE A DEER IN THE HEADLIGHTS’ WHEN CORONAVIRUS HIT Meantime, the Trump campaign is seeking to use creative ways to reach voters who are just now emerging from their homes. The planes will fly banners with Trump's slogan and direct beachgoers to text to join his 2020 election effort. Here's where the banners are scheduled to be flown:
39791356|https://www.foxnews.com/media/jim-gray-nba-predictions-coronavirus|20200525_003634 - 18 hours ago|Jim Gray says 'NBA will be back' and 'will crown a champion this season'|Get all the latest news on coronavirus and more delivered daily to your inbox. Sign up here. Veteran sports journalist and Fox News contributor Jim Gray appeared on "America's News HQ" Saturday and reacted to the news that the NBA was in talks with Disney to use the ESPN Wide World of Sports Complex in Bay Lake, Fla., predicting that the basketball season will continue in July. "The NBA Board of Governors is now examining what is going to be placed in front of them for a vote next Friday. And right now, the indications are that they will start up again, that they will commence training camp somewhere around June 15 to 20," Gray told host Eric Shawn. "Unknown right now if that'll be in their indigenous cities or if they will go to the bubble, the bubble will be Orlando," he continued. "Those negotiations are ongoing, and then they'll start up games after the Fourth of July. Not certain yet if they'll go into a round-robin to play into the playoffs or have maybe five regular-season games and then start the playoffs. All of this would commence in September, with the NBA finals at the end of the month." NBA LEGEND PATRICK EWING TESTS POSTIVE FOR THE CORONAVIRUS "I predict the NBA will be back and they will crown a champion this season," Gray said, adding that it would be under the currently proposed scenario. Gray laid out the elements that need to be worked out before play can resume, including issues with international players and the defending champions, the Toronto Raptors. "You can't wear a mask and play basketball. You couldn't breathe. So that's not going to be possible. But they're putting all of these conditions and regulations into place," Gray explained. "It is a logistical, huge, huge, big undertaking. The quarantine issue is also an issue as to how to keep all of them in the quarantine and in the bubble and then also have the hotel workers, the officials, the coaches and everybody who is necessary for an NBA game. Television personnel to televise it, to get this all up and running." "And there [are] some quarantine issues because you have players now who are international players. They've gone back to their homes so that they have to get back into the country and then come into the country, stay in quarantine for 14 days," Gray said. "Plus, you have international teams like the Toronto Raptors, the NBA champions. That's a whole other issue to get them down into the country." CLICK HERE FOR MORE SPORTS COVERAGE ON FOXNEWS.COM Shawn also asked Gray for a prediction for MLB, something the sportscaster wasn't as optimistic about. "Major League Baseball is a much different issue. They have a very strong union and the union and the owners are very far apart. They are going to get a proposal from the owners. It will be a financial disaster for Major League Baseball to not play. So it's the difference between not playing and losing a ton of money, or losing a lot of money and playing," Gray said. "The Major League Baseball owners are in a real bad circumstance and they need the cooperation of Major League Baseball players and its union. Otherwise, there won't be a season."
95698826|https://www.foxnews.com/opinion/congress-nursing-homes-elderly-bailouts-adam-brandon|20200525_003640 - 19 hours ago|Adam Brandon: Congress, focus on nursing homes and our vulnerable elderly, not bailouts|Get all the latest news on coronavirus and more delivered daily to your inbox. Sign up here. Congress has already passed relief packages totaling $3.6 trillion in response to the coronavirus pandemic. It may soon spend trillions more bailing out the U.S. Postal Service in addition to the airlines and city and state governments that have for so long embraced fiscal irresponsibility. Strange priorities in a crisis. My home state of Ohio has seen 70 percent of its coronavirus deaths in long-term care facilities – nursing and assisted living facilities. This trend is similar around the country. Is it too much to ask that emergency funding instead goes to where it's clearly needed most? For some time now, data has clearly shown that the elderly are the most at risk to die from coronavirus. An overwhelming number of fatalities have been over the age of 70, not to mention those who also had one or more comorbidities. JANICE DEAN: CORONAVIRUS COST MY IN-LAWS THEIR LIVES. GOV. CUOMO, OUR VULNERABLE LOVED ONES DESERVED BETTER If this is the case, based on CDC data and that of health systems across the world, why has our response been to fight the smoke instead of the fire? Long-term care facilities have been in the news for months throughout the global pandemic. We saw how in Spain the elderly were left for dead in their beds, only to be found by soldiers sent to disinfect nursing homes. Our own actions to protect the most vulnerable have been mixed in the prolonged lockdown. We have flattened the curve so as to not overwhelm our healthcare system. Now we must reassess. While the young and healthy clearly are at an overwhelmingly lower risk of death, we have ignored the vulnerable in hot spots such as nursing homes and long-term care facilities. In some instances, our response has exacerbated the spread of coronavirus. Queue Governor Andrew Cuomo, D-N.Y. He and his brother can spend all the time they want joking about the size of Q-tips on primetime cable TV. Nothing can change the fact that the governor of New York not only ignored long-term care facilities but put their residents at greater risk. Why is Cuomo still given praise for his Empire State response when we’ve known for weeks now about his tragic decision to send infected patients back into nursing homes? Governor Cuomo’s failures are emblematic of our misplaced response to the pandemic. Not only do we need to come up with a better approach to safeguarding our vulnerable in long-term care facilities, most critically we need to provide them with the resources they so desperately need. Congress has done what it usually does – misallocated resources. Many of the resources should have been directed to long-term care facilities. CLICK HERE TO GET THE OPINION NEWSLETTER The folks who work in these facilities face an incredibly difficult job dealing with the most vulnerable. Many of these patients need intimate assistance for life's most basic needs, such as eating and proper hygiene. The brave employees at these facilities often go about their work without proper safety equipment. Could not the $75 million for the Corporation for Public Broadcasting and $25 million for the Kennedy Center have gone to buy supplies for long-term care facilities instead? Tragically enough, as Congress was passing the CARES Act, New York nursing homes were being forced to accept infected patients. To a large degree, Congress’ focus so far has been on the wrong problems. Of course, with so many businesses shuttering their doors through no fault of their own and millions of Americans losing their jobs, a response was required. At this point, though, shouldn’t we be spending less time debating who gets the next round of bailouts, and instead prioritize saving Americans who are most at risk? A massive pork-barrel bill spending bill is out of the question. We need a single bill targeted at the heart of the problem. Nursing home residents are the vulnerable populations of people that those who wish to safely and responsibly reopen the economy are talking about. Everyone agrees we must do our utmost to protect them. To say otherwise is an attempt to distract from the problem at hand. CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP While we spend trillions of dollars to keep healthy young bartenders at home watching T.V., our long-term care facilities are forced to use swim goggles and rain ponchos in lieu of proper PPE. Why have we so neglected our elderly populations in nursing homes when, clearly, they are the most at risk? As we learn to live with COVID-19, we first must protect these who are overwhelmingly most at risk from the disease. Enough with the political bailouts. It's time to focus on where COVID-19 is truly a matter of life or death. CLICK HERE TO READ MORE FROM ADAM BRANDON
64218807|https://www.foxnews.com/politics/new-york-cuomo-revises-social-distancing-amid-lawsuit|20200525_003646 - 19 hours ago|NY Gov. Cuomo revises social distancing order amid First Amendment lawsuit|Get all the latest news on coronavirus and more delivered daily to your inbox. Sign up here. New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo significantly revised a social distancing order on Friday, after the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) had accused him of unconstitutionally protecting religious services over other types of gatherings amid the coronavirus outbreak. Released less than 24 hours after the first order, Cuomo's second directive allows up to 10 people to meet for "any lawful purpose or reason," the Democrat and Chronicle reported. Mark D. Levine, who chairs the New York City Health Committee, suspected the revised order came as the result of a legal challenge, but indicated it was premature. "This shocking order, forced by a lawsuit, changes nothing about the risks associated with group gatherings -- especially those held indoors," he said. "We need the public to continue to be smart and use judgment about the risks of this virus, regardless of what the court has forced on us." TRUMP ANNOUNCES THAT HOUSES OF WORSHIP ARE 'ESSENTIAL,' CALLS ON GOVERNORS TO OPEN THEM UP However, the New York Chapter of the ACLU (NYACLU) praised the governor's decision, which came after it filed a lawsuit against the original order. "We're glad to see the governor reverse course on his executive order from last night," NYCLU Legal Director Christopher Dunn said in a press release. "The right to protest and exercise free speech is the foundation of all our other liberties, and during a crisis is exactly when we need to be most vigilant about protecting it. Health experts, elected officials, and police officers all agree that people can be outside safely while practicing social distancing, and it's critical that lawmakers create guidelines and direct law enforcement uniformly." NY'S DAILY CORONAVIRUS DEATH RATE FALLS BELOW 100 FOR FIRST TIME SINCE MARCH AS CUOMO EYES LONG ISLAND REOPENING The controversy touched on a nationwide debate about how to best balance civil liberties with public health during the coronavirus pandemic. First Liberty, a legal nonprofit, has decried the impact of coronavirus shutdowns on houses of worship. “The discrimination that has been occurring against churches and houses of worship has been shocking,” First Liberty President Kelly Shackelford said in a statement. “Americans are going to malls and restaurants. They need to be able to go to their houses of worship.” On Friday, President Trump said that his administration would clarify that houses of worship are "essential" during the crisis. While Trump has called on governors to allow religious gatherings, it's unclear whether he has the authority to force them to do so. CLICK HERE TO GET COMPLETE CORONAVIRUS COVERAGE “Governors need to do the right thing and allow these very important essential places of faith to open right now -- for this weekend,” Trump said at a hastily arranged press conference at the White House. Asked what authority Trump might have to supersede governors, White House press secretary Kayleigh McEnany said she wouldn’t answer a theoretical question. Following Trump’s announcement, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) released new guidelines for communities of faith on how to safely reopen, including recommendations to limit the size of gatherings and consider holding services outdoors or in large, well-ventilated areas. The Associated Press contributed to this report.
22577316|https://www.foxnews.com/politics/new-york-covid-daily-deaths-drop-below-100-long-island-to-reopen|20200525_003652 - 20 hours ago|NY's daily coronavirus death rate falls below 100 for first time since March as Cuomo eyes Long Island reopening|Coronavirus deaths dropped below 100 in a single day in New York state -- the first time since March 24 -- and the positive trends in fighting the virus mean Long Island can reopen as soon as Wednesday, Gov. Andrew Cuomo said Saturday. "It's a sign that we are making real progress and I feel good about that," Cuomo said. On Friday, 84 people in New York died from coronavirus -- down from 109 a day earlier. The peak of daily deaths was 799 people on April 8. CUOMO ATTEMPTS TO DEFLECT BLAME OF DEADLY NURSING HOME CORONAVIRUS DEBACLE ON TO TRUMP Cuomo said the 84 deaths occurred on the 84th straight day of New York's coronavirus crisis and marked an important milestone that he had been aiming for -- finally dropping below 100 daily deaths. "Eighty-four is still a tragedy. No doubt. But the fact that it's down as low as it is, is really overall good news," Cuomo said. Sixty-two of the coronavirus victims Friday died in hospitals and 22 in nursing homes, according to the governor. In another sign of positive news that hard-hit New York is finally emerging from the coronavirus crisis, Cuomo says Long Island could begin reopening this week. RETURNING TO A NEW NORMAL: TRUMP SPENDS SATURDAY AT HIS VIRGINIA GOLF COURSE "At this rate, we could open by Wednesday if the number of deaths continues to decline and we get that [contact] tracing up," Cuomo said. "So that is also very good news." On Long Island, Nassau County Executive Laura Curran said she's been in talks with Cuomo about the Phase One reopening and her community is ready. "Everyone's ready to get back to work," Curran told Fox News Saturday, noting that businesses are coming up with "forward-thinking" solutions on how to safely reopen.
23013828|https://www.foxnews.com/world/us-dependence-on-chinese-imports-posing-potential-threat-on-national-security-think-tank-says|20200525_003659 - 20 hours ago|US dependence on Chinese imports posing potential threat on national security, think tank says|Get all the latest news on coronavirus and more delivered daily to your inbox. Sign up here. A new report by a British think tank shows that the U.S. is strategically dependent on China for 414 categories of imports, of which 114 service its critical national infrastructure -- and in some cases, these could pose a national security risk. China has steadily increased its share of many markets over the years under the increasingly authoritarian leadership of President Xi Jinping, who has made clear his ambitions for global dominance Today, the U.S. is strategically dependent on China for antibiotics, including penicillin and chloramphenicol; essential batteries including lithium; rare earth metals and critical elements like tungsten; vitamin supplements and even shipping containers, as well as safety glass, laptops, cell phones, life jackets and anchors. US SAYS CHINA BLOCKING RETURN OF AMERICAN PASSENGER JETS AMID CORONAVIRUS RULES Strategic Dependency is defined here as when "[a] country is a net importer of a particular good; it imports more than 50 percent of its supplies from China, and China controls more than 30 percent of the global market of that particular good," according to the report. As China continues to bully economies, Matthew Henderson -- director of the Asia Studies Center at the Henry Jackson Society, and one of the authors of the report -- said that to turn this around requires a "decoupling" of the U.S. and Chinese economy and the forming of new partnerships in the Indo-Pacific region. “Rebooting international trade and free trade agreements and forging relationships with partner countries who are reliable, is how it's going to win this for us,” he said, adding: “President Trump and his administration see both sides of the picture” CHINA PROPOSES CONTROVERSIAL HONG KONG 'SECURITY' LAW The coronavirus pandemic has also made clear the dangers of this dependence. Chinese control of supply lines that produce critical equipment such as face masks and ventilators was initially turned inward to help China cope, leaving other countries in short supply. This meant that when the outbreak peaked in China, the country stopped exporting these goods. Henderson said it’s been a wake-up call to the world. “The realization is that the globalized world brings the enemy to our gates and even within them," he said. "And unless we take the steps to wake up from that complacency, the realization [is] that this golden era is with a dictatorship in China, who is setting out to destroy us.” CLICK HERE FOR COMPLETE CORONAVIRUS COVERAGE The report found that not only the U.S. but also the U.K., Canada, Australia and New Zealand -- the so-called five eyes intelligence-sharing partners -- are all strategically dependent on China in a total of 831 categories of goods -- and that unless change happens soon, it could be too late. The idea of “decoupling” from China’s economy is already well-established and enjoys bipartisan support, and is certainly from day one something President Trump has focused on.
6515211|https://www.foxnews.com/opinion/gingrich-desantis-congress-11000-taxpayers|20200525_003706 - 21 hours ago|Gingrich & DeSantis: How Congress can give Americans an extra $11,000 without costing taxpayers a penny|Get all the latest news on coronavirus and more delivered daily to your inbox. Sign up here. Washington is gearing up to pass another multi-trillion-dollar COVID-19 relief package. However necessary these short-term stimulus measures may be to prevent a depression; the fact is that the bill for all this spending will come due eventually. But what if there was a way for Congress to provide American families an $11,000 per year increase in their incomes without costing taxpayers a penny? According to the Milliman Medical Index, the average family of four spends more than $28,000 per year on health care. This includes the cost of their insurance premiums (even if their employer pays a portion of the premium, that benefit is still the employees’ compensation). REP. MIKE GALLAGHER: IS CONGRESS NONESSENTIAL? IT'S ACTING THAT WAY — BUT HERE'S HOW WE CAN FIX THAT Meanwhile, analysis by Larry Van Horn at Vanderbilt University has shown that cash-paying patients pay prices that are an average of 40 percent lower than health plans for the same health care services. A 40 percent reduction in the prices paid for health care services would represent a savings of $11,000 per year, per family. The main reason cash-paying patients pay 40 percent less is because they take the time to shop around for the best value for their health dollar. In search of savings, they will seek out providers that offer the best combination of quality, convenience, and price. Most patients do not do this, however, because prices are invisible to them. Further, their options are limited to their insurance companies’ networks. This is the major reason why health care prices – and therefore, health care premiums – keep going up much faster than the rate of inflation year after year. There is little reason for most health care providers to offer competitive prices because patients do not consider price when making decisions. The Trump administration has taken a bold step to fix the broken health care marketplace with a new rule requiring hospitals to make all their prices public, including negotiated prices with health plans and self-pay, cash prices. This public posting must be in a machine-readable format to allow for third party apps to aggregate the data to allow for easy shopping for patients. Unfortunately, the president’s price transparency rules may never go into effect. This is because the hospital association is suing the administration over the new rule, arguing the government does not have the authority under current law to require negotiated prices to be disclosed. Congress should formally codify the price transparency rule into law in the next COVID relief package to eliminate the threat posed by the lawsuit. Getting these prices out in the open will be transformative. Americans with high deductible health plans are currently making decisions about how to spend their own money in the dark. Giving them access to prices in advance of care will supply much needed financial security and give them more confidence to seek out care, since they will know in advance what it will cost. CLICK HERE TO GET THE OPINION NEWSLETTER It will also be important for health plan sponsors. Most large employers – and an increasing number of mid- and small-sized businesses – self-insure. The way this usually works is that businesses pay insurance companies to process claims and for access to the insurance companies’ provider networks. However, the money for the claims comes from the businesses’ bank accounts. While employers save a little money on administrative overhead under this model, most don’t really take advantage of the potential of self-insuring. This is because even though they are renting the insurance companies’ networks, the negotiated prices are still invisible to them in advance of care. So, there is little steering of their employers to the best value providers. With full price transparency, however, employers will be able to easily see which health care providers in their areas are the best value. They can also set up shared savings opportunities and other incentives to encourage their employees to use preferred providers. Once more patients start choosing better values, the increased competition will force the highest priced providers to lower their prices to be competitive. This will dramatically reduce patients’ out-of-pocket expenses for health care, as well as reduce the underlying costs behind high premiums. CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP The result will be more disposable income for families, as well as more resources for employers to invest in hiring more people, raising salaries, and making other investments. Now more than ever, America needs the economic boost and financial security that price transparency in health care will provide. Instead of a short-term stimulus paid by more debt, this would be the sort of long-term, multi-trillion-dollar boost that could not only help pull us out of the current crisis but also propel the American economy for decades to come. Joe DeSantis is chief strategy officer at Gingrich 360. To read, hear, and watch more commentary from Newt and Joe, visit Gingrich360.com. CLICK HERE TO READ MORE FROM NEWT GINGRICH
5814178|https://www.foxnews.com/politics/cuomo-blames-trump-nursing-home-debacle-new-york-coronavirus|20200525_003713 - 23 hours ago|Cuomo attempts to deflect blame of deadly nursing home coronavirus debacle on to Trump|Get all the latest news on coronavirus and more delivered daily to your inbox. Sign up here. New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo Saturday doubled down on his state's now-scrapped nursing home policy that critics say contributed to thousands of coronavirus deaths and instead blamed the problem on President Trump and his administration. "New York followed the president's agencies' guidance," Cuomo said Saturday at his press conference. ".... What New York did was follow what the Republican Administration said to do. That's not my attempt to politicize it. It's my attempt to depoliticize it. So don't criticize the state for following the president's policy." The governor's office said New York's original nursing home policy was in line with a March 13 directive from the Trump Administration's Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS) and Centers from Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) that went out to all states on how to control infections in nursing homes. The guidance says "nursing homes should admit any individuals that they would normally admit to their facility, including individuals from hospitals where a case of COVID-19 was/is present." "Not could. Should," Melissa DeRosa, secretary to the governor and Cuomo's top aide, said at the Saturday press conference. "That is President Trump's CMS and CDC...There are over a dozen states that did the exact same thing." Cuomo has been under scrutiny from GOP politicians who say the governor should have never allowed recovering coronavirus patients to leave hospitals and go back to their residential nursing homes to spread the contagious virus. CUOMO DOWNPLAYS CALLS FOR FEDERAL PROBE INTO NURSING HOME CORONAVIRUS DEATHS: 'ASK PRESIDENT TRUMP' Nursing care facilities, home to some of the most vulnerable citizens, have been coronavirus hotspots around the country. New York leads the nation with the most reported coronavirus nursing home deaths at more than 5,000 -- though the state changed how it counts deaths so the numbers of nursing home patient deaths could be even higher. Cuomo's response Saturday echoed his past answers, that he was only following guidelines from the Trump administration and Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. CLICK HERE FOR FULL CORONAVIRUS COVERAGE “This is a political season, I get it,” Cuomo said Wednesday. “I’m not going to get into the political back-and-forth, but anyone who wants to ask why did the state do that with COVID patients in nursing homes, it’s because the state followed President Trump’s CDC guidance.” Cuomo added: “They should ask President Trump. I think that will stop the conversation.” A scathing Associated Press report out Friday was highly critical of the way in which Cuomo had handled the state’s nursing home coronavirus crisis. It found more than 4,300 coronavirus-infected elderly patients were sent to vulnerable nursing homes under a controversial state directive that was ultimately scrapped amid criticisms it was accelerating the nation’s deadliest outbreaks. BOMBSHELL REPORT ON NY NURSING HOME POLICY OVERLOOKED IN GOV. CUOMO'S DAILY PRESS CONFERENCE CDC guidelines require any newly admitted and readmitted resident with a COVID-19 case to be placed in a designated COVID-19 care unit, while those who have met the criteria to have recovered can return to a regular unit in the nursing home. The March 13 guidance that Cuomo's office cited says "a nursing home can accept a resident diagnosed with COVID-19... as long as the facility can follow CDC guidance." New York – along with California and New Jersey – went further and turned the guidance into state directives and said at the time that nursing homes cannot refuse to take patients from hospitals solely because they have the coronavirus. After mounting criticism that the policy put the most vulnerable people at risk and contributed to a high number of fatalities, New York reversed course May 10. Now hospitals can only send patients who have tested negative for COVID-19 to nursing homes. ELISE STEFANIK ASKS FEDS TO INVESTIGATE CUOMO'S 'FAILED' NURSING HOME POLICY GOP lawmakers have requested a federal probe into Cuomo's policy to send recovering coronavirus patients back to nursing homes and related concerns that deaths at the facilities are being knowingly under-counted. The state estimates that more than 5,000 nursing home and longterm-care facility patients have died from coronavirus, but a new report says New York could be drastically under-reporting the deaths -- prompting Rep. Elise Stefanik, R-N.Y., and fellow GOP lawmakers to call on an investigation. When Cuomo, a Democrat, reversed the nursing home directive on May 10 he still defended it. Not allowing nursing homes to reject COVID-19 positive patients had been intended to help free up hospital beds for the sickest patients as cases surged. Cuomo said he didn’t believe it contributed to the more than 5,800 nursing and adult care facility deaths in New York — more than in any other state — and that homes should have spoken up if it was a problem. “Any nursing home could just say, ‘I can’t handle a COVID person in my facility,’” he said, although the March 25 order didn’t specify how homes could refuse, saying that ”no resident shall be denied re-admission or admission to the (nursing home) solely based” on confirmed or suspected COVID-19. CLICK HERE FOR THE FOX NEWS APP Over a month later, on April 29, the Health Department clarified that homes should not take any new residents if they were unable to meet their needs, including a checklist of standards for coronavirus care and prevention. But, some nursing homes felt obligated and overwhelmed. The Associated Press and Fox News' Andrew O'Reilly contributed to this report.
14726222|https://www.foxnews.com/opinion/tucker-carlson-coronavirus-abuse-nursing-homes|20200525_003720 - 22 hours ago|Tucker Carlson: Coronavirus and the shocking abuse happening in nursing homes. This tragedy wasn't by accident|Get all the latest news on coronavirus and more delivered daily to your inbox. Sign up here. Months from now, if and when we're finally able to assess the coronavirus pandemic rationally and honestly, it'll be clear that it was mostly a disaster for the old and the sick. Thirty-year-olds in Brooklyn have made the most noise, flooding the Internet with their neuroses. But it is old people who have really suffered. About a third of all deaths in this country so far have occurred in long-term care facilities. We told you a lot about the tragedy unfolding in New York. TUCKER CARLSON: THERE'S NO EVIDENCE CORONAVIRUS LOCKDOWNS SAVED LIVES. MASS QUARANTINES MAY HAVE KILLED PEOPLE As of Friday night, almost 6,000 nursing home residents have died there after Governor Andrew Cuomo forced facilities to admit infected patients. But it's not only happening in New York. In New Jersey, Connecticut and Massachusetts for example, deaths in nursing homes account for more than half of the statewide totals. So, if you're old and in a facility, this virus has been genuinely dangerous. But the real story is even worse than that, thanks to bad policies. Many nursing homes have banned all visits from relatives even those who have tested negative for the coronavirus. That means for millions of aging Americans, lockdowns equal suffering alone, marooned in isolation, away from children and grandchildren, often in the final days of their lives. It's hard to imagine anything sadder than that, but in fact, there is something sadder. No visitors means no real supervision. No one who cares about the elderly can check-in and see how they're doing. This is an invitation to the most awful kinds of abuse. Take a look at this video. It's from the Westwood Nursing Center in Detroit. We warn you -- and we don't say this lightly -- it is highly upsetting. We think you should see it because it's real. VIDEO: A nursing center worker repeatedly punches an elderly man in a bed. It goes on like that for 90 seconds, but we'll spare you. The monster throwing those punches is 20 years old. The helpless resident he is smashing in the face is 75. Westwood Nursing Center says it had no idea the assault even happened. The video went up on social media and apparently, it was posted by the proud attacker himself. People saw it and called the police and they arrested him. He's in jail tonight. Police will not tell us his name. It's not clear why. He deserves to be famous. What is clear is that the Westwood Nursing Center was a scary place even before this assault took place. A 2019 Medicare inspection of the facility found that a resident had vomited on a curtain. Two weeks later, Westwood staff still hadn't replaced or even cleaned it. Imagine all of what the inspectors didn't find. We will help you imagine. This video is from a nursing home outside Peoria, Illinois. It was recorded in 2015. An elderly man beaten to the ground by a staff member. UNIDENTIFIED MALE REPORTER: This video is from a care facility in Creve Coeur. Watch the 84-year-old man. He comes into the room with his walker and tries to get something out of a drawer. Police say the caregiver, Ernestine Cobbins struggles with him and then throws him to the floor. Fortunately, he was not seriously injured. Officers reviewed the tape, Cobbins was charged with third-degree elderly abuse. Imagine doing that to a man with a walker. The woman who did it, who committed that crime is free today. In fact, she is still in the health care business. You can look up her LinkedIn page online. We did it about 10 minutes ago and she looks perfectly content in her picture. And then there are these three nursing home employees in North Carolina. They're accused of staging fistfights between dementia patients for their own amusement. UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE REPORTER: They uncovered two separate incidents. In one, 32-year-old Marilyn McKey is accused of physically assaulting a 73-year-old resident, pushing her into a room while 20-year-old Tonacia Tyson and 26-year-old Taneshia Jordan filmed the encounter and did not help. In another incident, all three are accused of encouraging a fight between two residents ages 70 and 73. Not only did the workers not stop the fight, they filmed it. The staff members reportedly captured on the video saying punch her in the face. That happened just this fall. From what we can tell, none of these women is currently in jail tonight. Apparently the crime wasn't serious enough. It's not like they tried to open a gym in New Jersey or dared to walk on dry sand in Los Angeles. And by the way, these are not isolated incidents, far from it. Consider the following headlines. They're all from last year. "Florida woman accused of raping man with dementia at nursing home." "Nursing assistant who raped patients sentenced to 12 years in prison." "Everett man has history of raping patients, prosecutors say." "Hillcrest nursing home faces $50 million lawsuit over rape of elderly woman." And then in Seattle, a nursing assistant was arrested after being caught on camera repeatedly sexually assaulting a patient. CLICK HERE TO GET THE OPINION NEWSLETTER Once again, the nursing home didn't even know what happened. They didn't detect the crime because no one was watching. The victim's family was suspicious so they put a camera in the room. In Texas, a nurse called Billy Chemirmir was arrested for murdering patients. Police say he killed more than 20 elderly people before anyone noticed. Again, all of that happened in a single year, last year, 2019. So, what's happening in nursing homes right now? Well, we don't really know. And that's the point. Family and loved ones aren't allowed in to see. Chances are, they would be heartbroken if they knew. How did this tragedy happen? It wasn't by accident. Our politicians did it. They did it to the most vulnerable people in our society, the ones who have earned the greatest respect. The Americans who actually did build this country. CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP Now, our helpless elderly are locked in stinking cells, cut off from the only ones who love them. Some of them as we said, are raped and beaten. Thousands and thousands have died alone. They don't deserve this and the rest of us don't deserve the leaders whose neglect and bad judgment made it possible. Adapted from Tucker Carlson's monologue on "Tucker Carlson Tonight," on May 22, 2020. CLICK HERE FOR MORE FROM TUCKER CARLSON
42901640|https://www.foxnews.com/auto/lifelong-coca-cola-600-fans-struggling-missing-big-race|20200525_003726 - 23 hours ago|Lifelong NASCAR Coca-Cola 600 fans struggling with missing big race|Harry and Judy Wiley plan to walk down their driveway in Johnson City, Tenn., on Sunday, climb inside their 39-foot motor home, flip on the television and do the best they can to enjoy NASCAR's Coca-Cola 600 -- a staple of their Memorial Day weekend for decades. But it won't be the same as being in North Carolina. “To me, I feel lost,” Harry Wiley said. The crown jewel race will go on as planned as NASCAR cranks up its schedule following a 10-week shutdown during the coronavirus pandemic. There are 20 races scheduled through June 21, but NASCAR does not plan to allow spectators to attend. It’s heartbreaking for the Wileys, who have made the yearly pilgrimage to Charlotte Motor Speedway since the late 1970s to see the longest race on the NASCAR calendar. They spend about 18 days every May camping at the track and reuniting with lifelong friends amid the backdrop of auto racing. The Wileys plan their entire year around the event. “When I pull into the Charlotte Motor Speedway every year it’s like the golden gates of heaven to me,” said Wiley, who is 73. “So this is like losing a friend. I have nothing to do now. I look forward to this so much.” 'TICKETS' TO CLOSED COCA-COLA 600 LISTED FOR $7,802 The race can draw as many as 100,000 spectators, though numbers have dwindled in recent years. This will be the first time no one is there besides the tenants of a 52-unit condominium tower located outside the first turn. The speedway is offering fans a 120% credit toward future races or fans can choose a full refund. “This is the most bittersweet of circumstances for our entire team at the speedway,” said Scott Cooper, the speedway’s vice president of communications. “We work year-round to produce memorable experiences for our fans. The last thing we would ever want to is to run a race without spectators but these are unusual times. But it is rewarding for our staff to know we're at least playing a big role in bringing the races back to television." Mike Kleban, a 78-year-old fan who lives a few miles from the track in Harrisburg, North Carolina, has attended the last 54 Coca-Cola 600 races. He dreads the thought of his streak coming to an end. HOW TO WATCH THE COCA-COLA 600 “I asked the folks at the track if they would let me in at the start of the race to watch the first three or four laps just to keep (the streak) alive,” Kleban said with a laugh. “But they said, ‘We can’t do that.’” Kleban feels even worse for the military service members he annually hosts as part of the speedway’s Memorial Day weekend tribute to the armed services. Last year, Kleban and friends rented 20 infield campsites and hosted more than 60 members of the military and their families, many of whom are a part of the Wounded Warrior program. They provided free meals, a place to sleep and hats and shirts. He estimates it cost $3,000 but is an enjoyable spend. “It’s like a reunion for them,” said Kleban, who served four years in the Air Force. “We get together with guys who have fought together side by side. Every year it just keeps on growing with more and more people.” WHO HAS WON THE MOST COCA-COLA 600s? The Wileys often choose the RV campground outside of turn four for their campsite. They host a potluck dinner for more than 50 friends, a tradition that was born 15 years ago when Harry helped fix a fan belt in a stranger’s RV that had broken down near the track. Harry was invited to dinner the following night in gratitude. Since then, they’ve become close friends and the potluck tradition was repeated every Wednesday night before the big race. In the campground, Harry is known as “the mayor” because he knows just about everyone. He said he’ll miss the familiar scent of barbecue ribs on the grill, corn on the cob and sharing beverages with other fans in lawn chairs under awnings while talking about life, loved ones and, of course, racing. Man of them have become lifelong friends, and they’ve traveled to weddings and funerals across the country to be with them. “It’s friendships beyond friendships,” Wiley said. “We’ve known a lot of these people for 30-plus years. They’re family. So I’m going to miss everyone terribly.” Ronnie Mounts has made the trek every year from Gilbert, West Virginia. He has been to every race since the first World 600 in 1960 except for three he missed while serving in the Army. He was looking forward to seeing the friends he met from Canada at last year’s race. “Honestly, I think it’s silly and I think we’ve gone too far in keeping fans away,” Mounts said. “It’s sad. It’s like people smoking a cigarette and they can’t have one.” He sighed and added: “I’ll guess I’ll just watch it on TV.”
42779687|https://www.foxnews.com/media/mike-dewine-coronavirus-reopening-process|20200525_003732 - 1 day ago|Ohio Gov. Mike DeWine says careful reopening process showing positive results|Get all the latest news on coronavirus and more delivered daily to your inbox. Sign up here. The careful reopening process in Ohio has shown positive results, Republican Gov. Mike DeWine reported Saturday. Appearing on "Cavuto LIVE" with host Neil Cavuto, DeWine -- who was one of the first leaders to shutdown his state -- said he has been closely monitoring the number of coronavirus cases and the way his citizens are responding to loosened restrictions. CLICK HERE FOR COMPLETE CORONAVIRUS COVERAGE "Well, you know, we're watching numbers that are published all the time. For example, traffic. Our traffic in Ohio was down 50 percent at one point. We're now down about 10 [percent]. So, you're seeing people really starting to move around a lot," he noted. This week, restaurants and bars in the Buckeye State opened their doors for the first time in two months. However, indoor seating is looking a lot different with social distancing measures and safety guidelines in place. On Friday, Lt. Gov. Jon Husted announced wedding receptions and other catered events can take place starting June 1 following the same measures. Events will be capped at 300 people. Meanwhile, the ban on other mass gatherings larger than 10 people remains. "If they do it correctly and if people continue to do the spacing, you know, that's fine. But, we also know that the risk goes up," DeWine added. The governor promised he would keep an eye out for a spike in hospital admissions -- which he confirmed have plateaued -- and on the "replication rate" of the virus. "Basically, if I have COVID-19, how many people on average does that person infect? And, at one point in Ohio we were one-to-two and so that's not good. [A] dramatic spread. We're now down to one-to-one. And so, we're going to keep our eye on that as we open up the society," he assured. "And, we don't want that to creep up very, very high because that...means that we're going out faster than we were and you know in three or four weeks after that we're going to start to see these numbers spike up." CLICK HERE FOR THE FOX NEWS APP "So, we're careful. We've done this with what we consider to be the best practices," DeWine affirmed. "We put restaurant people [together] with health people. They came up with [the] best [practices]. [We] did the same thing [with] people who run bars [and] people who cut hair. So, we've come up with what we think the best practices," he concluded. "But Ohioans: we just need to stay focused. We can do two things at once but we’ve got to be careful." Fox News' Victor Garcia, Marisa Schultz, and Samuel Chamberlain contributed to this report.
86815738|https://www.foxnews.com/world/johnson-resists-fire-aide-during-lockdown|20200525_003738 - 1 day ago|Boris Johnson resists calls to fire top aide who drove 250 miles to visit parents during lockdown|Get all the latest news on coronavirus and more delivered daily to your inbox. Sign up here. British Prime Minister Boris Johnson is resisting calls to fire his top advisor after the man drove 250 miles during the mandated coronavirus lockdown. Dominic Cummings drove from his home in London to his parents’ Durham farm on March 27, only a few days after Johnson initiated a national lockdown. Johnson’s lockdown banned all non-essential travel, but Cummings was spotted entering the property with Abba’s “Dancing Queen” blasting from his car. CLICK FOR THE LATEST ON THE CORONAVIRUS Cummings, who is widely credited with masterminding the campaign to leave the EU, claimed that he brought his son to live with his relatives after his wife became ill with what turned out to be COVID-19. Johnson and his party have come to Cummings’ defense, arguing that Cummings, in fact, acted “reasonably and legally,” and did nothing wrong. “Owing to his wife being infected with suspected Coronavirus and the high likelihood that he would himself become unwell, it was essential for Dominic Cummings to ensure his young child could be properly cared for,” a Downing Street spokesman said. “His sister and nieces had volunteered to help so he went to a house near to but separate from his extended family in case their help was needed. His actions were in line with coronavirus guidelines. Mr. Cummings believes he behaved reasonably and legally.” JOHNSON ACCEPTS 'FRUSTRATION' OVER LOCKDOWN AS DEMONSTRATORS DENOUNCE 'FAKE VIRUS' Foreign Secretary Dominic Raab, Chancellor Rishi Sunak and Health Secretary Matt Hancock also publicly supported Cummings, while Cabinet minister Michael Gove told reporters that “caring for your wife and child is not a crime.” When pressed by reporters on Saturday as to how his actions looked to the public, Cummings responded angrily, asking the Daily Mail “who cares about good looks.” “It's a question of doing the right thing. It's not about what you guys think.” IMPERIAL COLLEGE MODEL BRITAIN USED TO JUSTIFY LOCKDOWN A 'BUGGY MESS', EXPERTS CLAIM Opposition party members called for Johnson to make an example of Cummings, who is not the only prominent figures to defy the lockdown. A Scottish medical advisor resigned after she was spotted walking her dog miles from her home in April, and epidemiologist Neil Ferguson resigned as a government advisor after his girlfriend visited him. A Labour Party spokesman said: 'The lockdown rules were very clear: if you or anyone in your household was suspected of having Covid-19 you must immediately self-isolate and not leave the house.” CLICK HERE FOR THE FOX NEWS APP “However, the Prime Minister's Chief Adviser appears to believe that it is one rule for him and another for the British people.”
62345453|https://www.foxnews.com/entertainment/nick-cordero-wife-defying-odds-coronavirus|20200525_003744 - 1 day ago|Nick Cordero's wife says he's 'defying odds' following setback in coronavirus fight|Get all the latest news on coronavirus and more delivered daily to your inbox. Sign up here. Nick Cordero's wife shared a positive update on Friday in the actor's ongoing battle with the novel coronavirus. Cordero has been battling complications from COVID-19 for over 50 days in the ICU. His wife, Amanda Kloots, continues to be open with fans about his health battle through her Instagram account. "He is doing good. He is defying odds. He is fighting and showing small improvements each day," Kloots wrote on her Instagram Story. NICK CORDERO'S WIFE SAYS HIS MENTAL STATUS IS IMPROVING BUT SHE ISN'T SURE WHEN SHE'LL BE REUNITED WITH HIM Her message continues: "It is exactly what we need. Small improvements are small wins that equal a VICTORY! Thanks be to God!" Besides sharing uplifting videos from her followers all over the world who are rooting for Cordero, Kloots has also managed to keep her spirits high with her "AK! Positive thought of the day" announcements. On Saturday, the actor's wife shared a quote that reads, "We must be willing to let go of the life we have planned, so as to have the life that is waiting for us." NICK CORDERO WAKES FROM MEDICALLY INDUCED COMA, WIFE SAYS "This couldn't be more true for our family right now," Kloots wrote on social media. "I have to have faith that this all has a higher purpose and that what's to come is greater than we could have imagined." Cordero and Kloots have an 11-month-old son, Elvis. CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP Earlier this week the 41-year-old Broadway star had apparently "gone a little downhill," according to his wife. At the time she asked her fans for "mega prayers" as she vowed that the virus is "not going to let him down." Since his hospitalization on March 30, the star has suffered many maladies including mini-strokes, a leg amputation, holes in his lungs and more. Fox News' Nate Day contributed to this report.
30100176|https://www.foxnews.com/media/rep-darrell-issa-suing-over-californias-unconstitutional-vote-by-mail-order|20200525_003751 - 1 day ago|Darrell Issa sues California over 'unconstitutional' November vote election|California Gov. Gavin Newsom's executive order mandating a vote-by-mail election in November is unconstitutional and must be stopped, Republican congressional candidate.Darrell Issa asserted Saturday. Issa, appearing on "Fox & Friends Weekend," said he and a conservative group are challenging the Democratic governor over the directive because it could lead to possible manipulation of the vote. "The Legislature passed an act specifically laying out how mail-in ballots could be done county by county. The governor ignored all of that, and ignored other ways he could have increased the amount of mail-in ballots," he said. Issa accused Newsom of opening up polling places in an unsuccessful 11th-hour attempt to thwart the recent election of Republican Mike Garcia in the 25th District, which was supposed to be a mail-in ballot contest. DARRELL ISSA, JUDICIAL WATCH CHALLENGE NEWSOM'S VOTE-BY-MAIL ORDER "So you can see where one gets very concerned that this has turned into the governor's way to manipulate the outcome of the November election," he contended. Issa, a former congressman, is vying this year to return to the House to represent a San Diego-area district. He and other plaintiffs, including the conservative group Judicial Watch, are asking a federal judge in Sacramento to block Newsom's order. Newsom says his directive is on firm legal ground. He called the switch to mail-in ballots a necessary response to the COVID-19 pandemic since voters at crowded vote centers could be exposed if they voted in person. Following an April 7 election in Wisconsin, the state's Department of Health reported that at least 67 residents had been infected with COVID-19 after voting in person or working at the polls. It was not clear how many infections had been caused by the spring election because some had other possible exposures. California would be the first state to switch to vote by mail due to the pandemic. While Newsom's move won praise from his party's leaders last week, the Republican National Committee said it was also weighing its legal options. On "Fox & Friends," Issa was asked if the order is on firm legal ground. "Just the opposite," Issa replied. "California law very specifically didn't give him this authority and laid out another way to do it." Issa argues that Newsom’s order is an “unlawful attempt to supersede and replace California election law” by creating “an entirely new system” that does not conform with the state's Voter’s Choice Act, which lays out requirements for counties wishing to mail ballots to all voters. CLICK HERE FOR THE FOX NEWS APP Issa said Newsom's order lacks safeguards aimed at ensuring that mail-in ballots "go out to people who still live, who still exist, who still are at the address where they registered maybe when they got their license four or five years ago." "But he’s not doing that," he said. "There are no safeguards in the system, and it's pretty clear that come November he may play the same trick again of opening polling places in the middle of a pandemic because it suits him."
32977689|https://www.foxnews.com/us/missouri-hairstylist-went-to-work-with-coronavirus-symptoms-exposed-91-clientsm-co-workers-officials|20200525_003757 - 1 day ago|Missouri hairstylist went to work with coronavirus symptoms, exposed 91 clients, co-workers: officials|Get all the latest news on coronavirus and more delivered daily to your inbox. Sign up here. Missouri health officials have issued a public warning after a hairstylist exposed 91 people to the coronavirus at a hair salon. The exposure took place this month at a Great Clips in Springfield, Springfield-Greene County Health Department Director Clay Goddard said Friday. “I’ll be honest, I’m very frustrated to be up here today and maybe more so I’m disappointed,” he said. HAIR SALONS, BARBERSHOPS STAY OPEN DURING CORONAVIRUS PANDEMIC, EVEN WHEN LESS-THAN-LEGAL Those who were exposed were 84 customers who got haircuts from the hairstylist between May 12 and May 20 and seven co-workers, Goddard told a coronavirus news briefing Friday. The hairstylist was exhibiting COVID-19 symptoms as she cut hair on those days. Health department contact tracers were tracking down the customers. The co-workers were being tested for the virus. CLICK HERE FOR MORE CORONAVIRUS COVERAGE “We hope this is an overly cautious approach as thankfully both our case and all the clients of our case were wearing masks during their haircuts,” Goddard said. Missouri hair salons were among businesses shuttered in the state to contain the spread of the coronavirus. They were allowed to re-open May 4, according to the Kansas City Star. The paper reported that hair salon’s owners issued a statement saying that the location had been closed to undergo sanitizing and “deep cleaning” under guidelines provided by the county health department and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP Goddard commended Great Clips’ actions and said the hair salon was safe to visit, the paper reported.
32968676|https://www.foxnews.com/food-drink/grocery-store-salad-bar-alcohol-candy|20200525_003803 - 1 day ago|Grocery store fills salad bar with alcohol, candy during pandemic restrictions|Get all the latest news on coronavirus and more delivered daily to your inbox. Sign up here. A grocery store has brought “happy hour” to their signature salad bars during the coronavirus pandemic. Based in Chesterfield, Missouri, stores in the Dierbergs Markets chain found a creative way to help its patrons cope with the virus, lockdowns and historic job loss: instead of serving healthy greens and quinoa bowls, the salad bar is now stocked with liquor, cereal and candy, among other options. The word “salad” has even been scratched out on signs. CLICK FOR THE LATEST ON THE CORONAVIRUS The Manchester location was the first to make the change, serving mainly alcohol. The switch has been so well received that other stores have copied it, putting their own twist on the idea, such as cereal bars or “tiki bars” with themed products. "We had originally put out other fresh foods, but it didn't go over so well because everyone's been stressed out," Rick Rodemacher, store director of the Manchester location, told NBC. "A group of the employees were talking and we thought we could make good use of the empty space and make people smile if we swapped out the salad bar for one that serves alcohol." Rodemacher says customers are "getting a kick out of it." CLICK HERE FOR THE FOX NEWS APP "At first we were worried that it wouldn't come across the right way, but it's been really well received," said Rodemacher. "The sales are not nearly what the salad bar sales were, but bringing a smile to people's face is worth it."
72537861|https://www.foxnews.com/politics/returning-to-normal-trump-spends-saturday-at-his-golf-course|20200525_003814 - 1 day ago|Returning to a new normal: Trump spends Saturday at his Virginia golf course|President Trump spent a sunny Saturday at his golf resort outside Washington, D.C. in another sign that the commander-in-chief is eager to resume a normal schedule amid the coronavirus pandemic. TRUMP ANNOUNCES THAT HOUSES OF WORSHIP ARE ‘ESSENTIAL,’ CALLS ON GOVERNORS TO OPEN THEM UP Trump and his motorcade arrived at the Trump National Golf Club in northern Virginia at 10:27 a.m. He was spotted in golf attire as he left the White House with masked Secret Service agents. He spent three and a half hours at the golf club. Trump regularly golfs during his presidency and typically at properties that bear his name. But the pandemic and orders shutting down non-essential activity have curbed one of Trump's favored pastimes. The last time Trump is known to have golfed was March 8 at his club in Palm Beach, Fla. TRUMP HITS THE SWING STATES, EVEN WITH CAMPAIGN BATTLE IN CORONAVIRUS LIMBO But as the economy continues to tumble with nearly 39 million Americans filing for unemployment benefits, Trump has been urging states to lift quarantine restrictions. All states have now reopened in at least some limited fashion, including Virginia. Golf courses and other outdoor recreation activities could stay open under Virginia's executive order. Trump National Golf Club remained opened for golf, but closed the clubhouse, according to a staffer there. In sending a signal to America that he wants to focus on resuming business activity, Trump has started traveling again. This month he visited Arizona, Pennsylvania and Michigan -- key swing states in his bid for a second term. This Memorial Day weekend, Trump has urged houses of worship across the country to reopen, saying they are "essential' for Americans.
70515372|https://www.foxnews.com/sports/nhlpa-approves-24-team-playoff-talks|20200525_003820 - 1 day ago|NHLPA approves going forward with 24-team playoff talks|The NHL Players’ Association's executive committee authorized moving forward in talks with the league on returning to play from the coronavirus suspension, approving 24 teams making the playoffs with other aspects still to be negotiated The NHLPA did not provide a breakdown of the vote of its 31 player representatives in making the announcement Friday night, a day after the proposal was presented to the union's executive board. In giving the format the green light, the NHLPA stressed several details still need to be negotiated before games can begin. NASHVILLE PREDATORS’ MATT DUCHENE CAUTIONS AGAINST FORCING ‘COVID CUP’ AS NHL MOVES FOR MODIFIED PLAYOFFS The proposal will now go to the NHL board of governors, which is expected to approve the plan in the next few days. Once approved, the proposal effectively ends the season of the league’s bottom seven teams. Under the plan proposed by the NHL/NHLPA Return To Play committee, the top four teams in each conference would play each other in a mini-tournament for seeding while the remaining 16 teams face off in a best-of-five series play-in round to set the final 16 to compete for the Stanley Cup. Though the approval is considered significant, the task of establishing a path to getting players back on the ice remains challenging. The next step would have the Return To Play committee sort out a host of other issues, ranging from health and safety protocols to determining where games will be played, with the league preparing to group teams in a select number of hub cities. Las Vegas has become the city most mentioned as a potential site, particularly because of its large concentration of hotels that could house numerous teams. Other cities mentioned include Columbus, Ohio; Nashville, Tennessee; Raleigh, North Carolina; St. Paul, Minnesota; and Edmonton, Alberta. Numerous other questions remain unanswered, including when players can return to their respective teams and what non-playoff teams will be allowed to do during what could potentially become a 10-month break between games. NHL Deputy Commissioner Bill Daly said the league has a plan in place, but stopped short of providing details by saying it would be premature to do so at this time. NHL EXPLORING ‘EIGHT OR NINE’ SITES TO SERVE AS HUB CITIES FOR RETURN TO PLAY, GARY BETTMAN SAYS “All good questions and all questions with answers. But not in a position to answer any of them at this point in time,” Daly wrote in an email. “If and when we are in a position to make an announcement, we will try to make sure they are answered in that context.” At the very least, the league has the framework of a plan on which to build off for the first time since the regular season was placed on pause on March 12. Games would likely be played without fans present. It’s unclear how the league will address players’ concerns over spending potentially lengthy stretches of time in self-isolation away from their families. Both sides agree there is no ideal plan, while acknowledging the limitations they face because of the uncertainty created by the pandemic. The NHL’s regular season was paused on March 12, with 189 games remaining and its 31 teams having played an uneven number of games. “Obviously, it’s not ideal, but I think in a time like this, how can anything be super traditional?” Toronto Maple Leafs defenseman Tyson Barrie said this week. “I think we all have to adapt and be willing to adapt and kind of realize that it’s not going to be this perfect, classic NHL playoffs. I think for the situation we’re in, for a year, I think that’s fine.” Under the proposed 24-team format, Montreal would be the final team to qualify in the East based on a slim points-percentage margin. With 71 points in 71 games (.500), the Canadiens edge out Buffalo, which had 68 points in 69 games (.493) and would extend the league’s longest active playoff drought to a ninth consecutive season. The difference in the West is much larger, with Chicago (.514) beating out Anaheim (.472). All three California teams would miss the playoffs for the first time since 1995-96. A person with what would be one of the seven non-playoff teams told The AP the performance staff is already preparing workout programs for players during what will be a long layoff. CLICK HERE TO GET MORE SPORTS COVERAGE ON FOXNEWS.COM “Overall, I think players will be fine during the summer months,” the person said, speaking on the condition of anonymity because the return to play format has not been approved. “Finding creative ways to keep them motivated in the fall will be the challenge.” The NHL is open to having the playoffs extend into September and pushing the start of the 2020-21 season as late as January -- or when fans can begin attending games in some capacity. Whatever it takes, Winnipeg Jets forward Patrik Laine said Friday. “I just want to play, and I can do whatever format they decide,” Laine said. “It’s just still hockey, but I don’t mind the format. It’s not an issue for me.” Carolina Hurricanes player representative Jordan Martinook said finishing the season and awarding the Stanley Cup would be a considerable feat. “In a year of such negativity and uncertainty, for you to have that kind of celebration, I feel like it would be a big positive for you, your family, your team, your city,” Martinook said.
47658617|https://www.foxnews.com/media/joe-piscopo-time-for-america-to-fully-reopen|20200525_003826 - 1 day ago|Joe Piscopo says it's time for America to fully reopen: 'You can't take the rights of the people away'|Get all the latest news on coronavirus and more delivered daily to your inbox. Sign up here. It's time for America to reopen its doors once again, New Jersey comedian and co-owner of Retro Fitness Joe Piscopo urged Saturday. Appearing on "Fox & Friends Weekend" with host Griff Jenkins, Piscopo said it is time for Americans to go back to work. CLICK HERE FOR COMPLETE CORONAVIRUS COVERAGE "Retro Fit, we spent so much money adhering to the COVID-19 guidelines. We have done everything. We spent thousands of dollars, you know, doing the social distancing. By the way, our gyms are more sanitary than an operating room. I'm telling you: we went all out," he added. "So, we are locked, we’re loaded, we’re ready to go, and we just wish Governor [Phil] Murphy would ease up." Piscopo, who had considered a gubernatorial run in 2017, told Jenkins if he was governor of the Garden State he'd put his residents back to work and leave mitigation "up to the people." "We’re New Jersians, we’re New Yorkers, we’re Americans. We know what we are doing. We know how to respect this vicious virus," he remarked. "It’s time to get back. You can't dictate to us what to do," Piscopo asserted. "A lot of people are doing what they want to do anyway, but we’re adhering to the laws. We’re being right. We’re not opening, you know." Piscopo also noted that while Retro Fitness is ready to hit the ground running when Murphy gives the order, a lot of people he had talked with on the Joe Piscopo Morning Show on AM9 70 The Answer are frustrated with the response. "People are frustrated more than I’ve ever seen them, Griff," he explained. "So, you know, one of these days I feel like going in, man, because you can't take the rights of the people away. And, they're locking us down." CLICK HERE FOR THE FOX NEWS APP "They are locking us down. And, Americans – that’s not the nature of Americans," Piscopo concluded. New Jersey officials announced 146 new COVID-19-related deaths on Friday and 1,394 new positive test results in the state. There have been more than 152,000 cases confirmed in the state since March with almost 11,000 deaths. The state is still in the process of Phase 1 reopening measures.
82561345|https://www.foxnews.com/entertainment/brandi-glanville-sprays-kids-bleach-water|20200525_003833 - 1 day ago|Brandi Glanville claims she sprays her kids with bleach water when they enter the house|Get all the latest news on coronavirus and more delivered daily to your inbox. Sign up here. Brandi Glanville has admitted she’s a bit of a clean freak when it comes to keeping her house germ-free amid the coronavirus. The 47-year-old reality star discussed her health and hygiene habits with actress Becca Tobin on her “Unfiltered” podcast on Friday when she confessed to a potentially dangerous habit she’s taken up in quarantine. "I don't really care. I ingest so many different pills," Glanville said while the two were discussing chemicals found in various cleaning products. "I spray bleach on my children...because you can't buy rubbing alcohol anywhere so I diluted some bleach and water and everyone gets a little spray spray." CLICK HERE FOR FULL CORONAVIRUS COVERAGE While it’s unclear if the television personality was joking, Glanville’s surprising revelation comes weeks after President Trump ignited a media firestorm for indirectly suggesting that household disinfectants, like bleach, could be used as a treatment for the novel coronavirus. Trump insisted he was being “sarcastic” but his comments prompted the makers of Lysol to release a statement warning against the improper use of disinfectant products. "As a global leader in health and hygiene products, we must be clear that under no circumstance should our disinfectant products be administered into the human body (through injection, ingestion or any other route)," the Reckitt Benckiser Group said. "As with all products, our disinfectant and hygiene products should only be used as intended and in line with usage guidelines. Please read the label and safety information." WHITE HOUSE ACCUSES MEDIA OF TAKING TRUMP DISINFECTANT COMMENTS OUT OF CONTEXT Glanville said she had just moved out of a home that had a mold issue. She hinted that the experience may have caused her to become obsessed with various cleaning supplies as she "might have an addiction to fabric softener." "I have the softest towels and I smell like a baby and they're so good," she said. The former full-time cast member of "The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills" shares sons Mason, 16, and Jake, 13, with her ex-husband, Eddie Cibrian. Glanville revealed she and Cibrian don't exactly see eye to eye when it comes to co-parenting in quarantine. "I told them they could skip school," she told Tobin of her two boys. "Their dad's a d--k and he told me, 'Why are they missing classes at your house?' I said, 'Because I don't want their eyes to get hurt from the blue screen time.'" FORMER 'RHOBH' STAR BRANDI GLANVILLE ALLEGEDLY CATCHES THIEF BREAKING INTO HER CAR: REPORT "I'm like the fun, crazy one and he's like the boring one that makes sure they do their homework. I'm like, 'That's on you. Nobody made sure I did mine. I do everything else for them. I'm not doing their homework for them too.' Plus, I can't," she said with a laugh. Despite her ability to lay down the law at home, Glanville aired her frustrations about the coronavirus pandemic in mid-March when she ran out of toilet paper. “My household is officially out of toilet paper,” the 47-year-old tweeted. CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP The mother of two shared she went out to “five markets” but had no luck. “There is none,” said the Los Angeles TV personality. “Stop hoarding.”
74989371|https://www.foxnews.com/media/dr-siegel-ridiculous-restrictions-memorial-day-weekend|20200525_003839 - 1 day ago|Dr. Marc Siegel sounds off on three coronavirus restrictions that make no sense ahead of holiday weekend|Get all the latest news on coronavirus and more delivered daily to your inbox. Sign up here. Fox News medical contributor Dr. Marc Siegel joined "Tucker Carlson Tonight" Friday to highlight some of what he described as the most ridiculous coronavirus restrictions heading into Memorial Day weekend. "[New York City] Mayor Bill de Blasio says he's going to open the beaches, hurray for Memorial Day weekend," Siegel said. "But if anyone tries to swim, he says, 'They're going to be pulled out of the water.' Now, if there's a danger to your health, it isn't COVID-19 on that beach. It's his guy pulling you out of the water. You might drown. "And by the way, social distancing is usually in effect when you swim, right? It's very safe. There's no coronavirus in the water. People don't swim close together. I think you should use those security people as lifeguards." Staying close to New York City, Siegel then called out New York state and neighboring New Jersey allowing tennis, but only singles matches. "Now if you're 70 years old, you may love tennis, but maybe you need doubles. Maybe you don't have the wind for singles anymore, Tucker," the NYU Langone internist said. "Well, if they make you play singles, you could actually, God forbid, die of a heart attack. So to your health, the risk is much greater with the singles than from COVID-19." Finally, the doctor discussed the cancellation of Memorial Day parades across the country, even in areas with low infection rates. "All across the country, we celebrate our fallen warriors from the Revolutionary War forward, right? Well, not this year," he said. "Parades are all being canceled across the United States, including in Bozeman, Montana ..." CLICK HERE FOR COMPLETE CORONAVIRUS COVERAGE "There's been less than 500 cases in the entire state of Montana. And one death, one death in the Bozeman area," Siegel went on. "They're not having the Memorial Day parade. So how do we celebrate our fallen heroes? How do we celebrate them?" Siegel then praised President Trump for declaring houses of worship to be "essential" and pressuring state governors to open them. "At least, and we'll social distance in there, believe me, we're going to pray. If this can happen, we'll pray for the souls of our fallen heroes," he said. "If we can't celebrate them in a parade, let's at least be able to pray for their souls."
80954812|https://www.foxnews.com/sports/sec-big-12-football-workouts-campus|20200525_003844 - 1 day ago|SEC, Big 12 to allow football workouts on campus next month|Southeastern Conference schools will be able to bring athletes in all sports back to campus for voluntary activities starting June 8 at the discretion of each university, and the Big 12 plans to welcome football players back to campus a week later. The Friday announcements are the latest signs that a college football season will be launched in some form this fall. Other conferences are expected to follow, though decisions could be left to individual schools. NCAA TO LIFT MORATORIUM ON FOOTBALL, BASKETBALL WORKOUTS The move comes two days after the NCAA Division I Council voted to lift a moratorium on voluntary workouts on campus by football and basketball players, effective June 1. The NCAA updated that ruling Friday by saying voluntary activities would be allowed in all sports starting June 1. “At this time, we are preparing to begin the fall sports season as currently scheduled, and this limited resumption of voluntary athletic activities on June 8 is an important initial step in that process,” SEC Commissioner Greg Sankey said. The SEC initially announced Friday that voluntary in-person activities could resume June 8 on SEC campuses only for football, men’s basketball and women’s basketball. But after the NCAA issued its updated ruling Friday afternoon, the SEC announced that June 8 date would apply to athletes in all sports. Big 12 presidents and chancellors met Friday and decided voluntary activities could begin June 15 for football, July 1 for other fall sports and July 15 for all other sports. SEC officials noted any workouts would take place “under strict supervision of designated university personnel and safety guidelines developed by each institution.” They referred to June 8 as the start of “transition period that will allow student-athletes to gradually adapt to full training and sports activity after this recent period of inactivity.” Permitted actions are limited by the NCAA to voluntary activities supervised by strength and conditioning personnel. Georgia athletic director Greg McGarity said it was “only the first step with further details and plans coming over the next several days and weeks.” “This is an important first step toward having a season this fall, and we will continue to collectively work together as our top priority is to ensure the safety and well-being of our student-athletes, coaches and staff,” Auburn coach Gus Malzahn said in a statement. OHIO STATE FOOTBALL STADIUM COULD HOUSE UP TO 50,000 FANS 'IF GUIDELINES ARE RELAXED' BY FALL: ATHLETIC DIRECTOR Defending national champion LSU said it will resume voluntary workouts for players on June 8 in accordance with the SEC decision. “Our administration has worked very hard to make sure that all of the necessary safety procedures and protocols are in place to keep our team safe and healthy,” Tigers coach Ed Orgeron said. “This is a great first step to take in order for us to get back to playing the great game of college football in the fall.” The SEC decided to resume athletic activities with the guidance of a league task force that includes public health, infectious disease and sports medicine professionals from each of the league’s 14 member schools. The task force prepared a series of best practices for screening, testing, monitoring, tracing, social distancing and maintaining clean environments to serve as a guide for each school. Recommendations included testing of symptomatic team members (including athletes, coaches and staffers) as well as screening athletes before they arrive on campus within 72 hours of entering athletic facilities and on a daily basis once they resume athletic activities. Other recommendations include immediate isolation of team members who are diagnosed with COVID-19 or are under investigation, followed by contact tracing under Centers for Disease Control and local public health guidelines. “Health and safety have been our top priority as we’ve gone about this planning process, and we’ll continue to follow guidance from medical experts and health officials as we navigate the coming weeks,” Tennessee athletic director Phillip Fulmer said. “Our staff and student-athletes should be prepared for a ‘new normal,’ as we’ll be implementing changes to how everyone accesses and uses our facilities.” SEC officials said the task force’s recommendations could provide a guide to league members, Sankey noted that each school would get to make its own decisions regarding plans for how to make sure student-athletes return safely. CLICK HERE TO GET MORE SPORTS COVERAGE ON FOXNEWS.COM For example, even though the task force’s recommendations only mentioned testing symptomatic team members, Georgia senior associate athletic director for sports medicine Ron Courson said in a statement that the Bulldogs “will conduct COVID testing and perform medical evaluations on all student-athletes.” Florida announced that it also would be testing all of its athletes. Texas Gov. Greg Abbott said Friday he thinks college football will return on schedule with at least some spectators. Abbott has already issued new rules to allow youth sports leagues to resume in June and for some professional leagues to hold events without spectators. “Once we get to college football season, our goal right now is to have college football season start as planned, with fans in stands,” Abbott said in an interview with Austin television station KXAN. “What we don’t know is what the capacity level would be.”
36256814|https://www.foxnews.com/sports/mexico-cancels-soccer-season-coronavirus|20200525_003849 - 1 day ago|Mexico cancels soccer season because of coronavirus pandemic|Mexico’s Liga MX canceled the remainder of its spring season without crowning a champion for the first time, a decision caused by the new coronavirus pandemic. Teams had played 10 of the Clausura's 17 dates before suspending play March 15. The league said in a statement Friday that restrictions caused by the health emergency made it impossible to continue without putting people at risk. FC CINCINNATI'S FLUB COACH ANNOUNCMENT BECOMES BUTT OF OTHER CLUBS' JOKES “It’s indisputable that we live in an unprecedented situation in this country that obliges the soccer industry in Mexico to act with absolute sensitivity and respond with unity to the demands that have presented themselves,” the statement said. Some teams had begun testing players for COVID-19 as a step toward resuming the season, most likely in stadiums without fans. Twelve players from Santos Laguna in the northern city of Torreon tested positive this week. Cruz Azul, seeking its first league title since 1997, finished with 22 points and a one-point lead over second-place León, which joined Cruz Azul in qualifying for the next CONCACAF Champions League. Santos Laguna and América were next with 17 points each. CLICK HERE TO GET MORE SPORTS COVERAGE ON FOXNEWS.COM Jonathan Rodríguez was the leading scored with nine goals. The women's professional season was also canceled.
44055768|https://www.foxnews.com/opinion/janice-dean-coronavirus-in-laws-cuomo|20200525_003857 - 1 day ago|Janice Dean: Coronavirus cost my in-laws their lives. Gov. Cuomo, our vulnerable loved ones deserved better|Get all the latest news on coronavirus and more delivered daily to your inbox. Sign up here. It hit me when my kids’ school principal called. She had heard the news from another parent that our children had lost both of their grandparents, Mickey and Dee Newman, to the virus. “How are you all doing? I’m so sorry for your loss….” As her phone call came in, my husband Sean was at his parent’s apartment picking out a dress to bury his mom in. JANICE DEAN SLAMS CUOMO NURSING HOME POLICY AFTER LOSING IN-LAWS TO COVID-19: 'NOT JUST NUMBERS ON A CURVE' He texted Katie, a health care worker who had gotten close to his mom over the last few years. Katie suggested a flower-patterned dress hanging on the bedroom door. She remembered it being there the last time she was at the house. Sean found it in the exact place she mentioned. He FaceTimed his sister Donna to help with the jewelry his mom would wear. He then looked for some items of his dad’s to be placed in the casket: an old running hat the used to wear and a World Trade Center survival medal that Sean had received after 9/11. He had given it to his dad and now he placed the pin on the running cap. Sean then found the paperwork for his dad’s honorable discharge from the Air Force in hopes we could have a USAF honors ceremony for the burial flag at a small funeral in the future. He found a stack of love letters that his parents wrote to one another over the years. I’m not sure where my husband found the strength to do all of this. I was at home and with the kids and had just gotten 3 deliveries from the neighborhood florist. It was the only place in our small town that remained open during the quarantine. The delivery man was wearing a mask but I could tell by his eyes he was sorry for us. He realized he had just been at the house less than two weeks ago to deliver flowers after Mickey passed away. He was silent when I told him Sean’s mom Dee was gone too. Michael and Dolores “Dee” Newman were married for 59 years and raised 3 children: Donna, Michael and Sean. They lived in the same four-story walk-up apartment in Brooklyn for over 50 years. Mickey was in the Air Force before he met Dee and always talked about how proud he was of his service. He was stationed at Hickam Airforce base in Hawaii and worked in intelligence. After his service in the Air Force was over, he joined the New York City Fire Department and was with them for 23 years as part of Engine Company 323 in Brooklyn. Dee was a homemaker and had a part-time job working with a dentist in the neighborhood for close to 20 years. She was also an amazing cook. She made one heck of an Italian meatball -- it was legendary. Mickey was no slouch either when it came to cooking – he was head chef whenever he had a tour at the firehouse. Mickey was also a runner. He ran over 800 races and documented each one in notebooks with the weather conditions and his time. We celebrated together the day he reached that 800th race milestone. The Newmans had a locker at Silver Point Beach Club in Long Island for decades. Every summer they took the family there several times a week. That’s where Sean learned to surf and became a lifeguard. Mickey loved the beach. He paddle boarded and played tennis while Dee knitted. And oh, how they adored their grandchildren. Donna would bring her daughter Danielle by all the time to stay with them. Dee never missed a Grandparent Day at school, a Christmas show, dance recital or swim meet. Danielle went everywhere Mickey went growing up. They were best buddies. With their health declining over the last few years, Mickey and Dee were both having a tough time getting down the stairs. We tried to persuade them to move to another place with easier access but they lived in a rent-controlled building and it was hard to convince them to give that up. They did let us send home health aides into the house but the visits to the ER were becoming regular. Sean started looking into assisted living. We got Mickey into a nursing home/rehab center for a few months. He had dementia and needed constant supervision. Sean found an assisted living facility not far away for Dee. It was one of the only places that agreed to let Mickey move into the same facility -- once he was back on his feet. Sean and his sister were taking turns visiting them. And Danielle would bring them the foods they loved. We prayed that one day Mickey would be well enough to join his wife. This was the first time in their lives they had been apart like this. And then came COVID-19. Mickey’s nursing home went into quarantine. Sean could no longer visit. A week before his dad died, someone called to let us know Mickey was being switched to another floor so they could let more patients in. From what I know now, I believe the new patients were ones recovering from COVID -- thanks to a statewide mandate from Governor Andrew Cuomo. On March 28th, Sean got a call and was told that his dad wasn’t well. He had a fever and his lungs were filling up. A few hours later he was dead. We assumed he had the coronavirus. We only got confirmation when we saw it on his death certificate. My husband has seen a lot of grief in his life. But, for him to break the news to his mom that her husband was dead was the hardest thing he’s ever done. Her heart was broken. They were married for almost 60 years. How could she go on without him? We assured her that as soon as the pandemic was over, we’d all be together. I encouraged her to hold on until then. Sean was able to visit his mom once after that. He brought her some orchids but had to leave them at the front desk. He saw her, standing six feet away with a mask on, and told her he loved her. She started to cry before he left. He would never see her again. Dee had told Donna over the last few weeks that some workers there were sick. She also said residents weren’t obeying the rules – they were going outside for newspapers and coffees without masks on. They were coming back without washing their hands. As family members, we were told we couldn’t come to see Dee for risk of bringing in the virus. But the people who lived there were still coming and going. Why was this happening? The next 48 hours after Sean visited, Dee’s health went downhill. She was moved to the hospital. We didn’t hear much from the doctors. Sean talked to his mom the morning before nurses moved her to a different floor in the hospital. She needed more oxygen and her throat was hurting. She had a cough and a fever. The last thing she asked Sean to do was get some Easter gifts for the kids. She asked him, could he put her name on them? The doctor called us the next day to tell us she was in and out of consciousness. They gave her more oxygen. A day later, she died. Even though she got the virus in the nursing home, her death was not counted that way -- because she died in a hospital. I’ve heard some experts say this is to make the number of nursing home deaths appear smaller. Like so many other things having to do with this tragedy, it doesn’t make sense. Our grief and confusion have turned to anger. We are learning more about how elder care homes were turned into death traps. The order to return recovering COVID patients into these facilities made them, and others, sitting ducks. Our most vulnerable loved ones could not protect themselves. But Governor Cuomo is too busy trying to protect himself and rewrite history. He goes on CNN all the time to yuck it up with his brother while many of us wonder if any talk show host will ask questions about the nursing home tragedy. At this point, all we are hearing is the governor trying to shift the blame, saying -- “not my responsibility” “above my pay grade.” Or “we did everything we could to the best of our ability.” If that’s your best, Mr. Cuomo, you should be ashamed. The Newmans are not just statistics on a chart. Michael and Dolores were wonderful people who lived important lives. They were good citizens, had families and loved being New Yorkers. But the governor of New York failed them. I can only pray that lessons are learned after this. Maybe their deaths won’t be in vain. What should happen next? A federal investigation? Hearings? What I do know is this: Our loved ones deserved better. The one thing that brings us comfort is knowing Mickey and Dee are together again. They were never two people together. They were one unit. You often hear stories about how when one person dies, their spouse follows. They just can’t live apart. I tell my kids that Grandpa Mickey asked God to call Grandma Dee -- because he missed her. She heard God’s message. She missed him too. CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP When she was ready, he held out his hand and she went to him. And now they’re in each other’s arms, watching over us. I only wish Governor Cuomo had watched over them, too. CLICK HERE FOR MORE FROM JANICE DEAN
57396368|https://www.foxnews.com/us/colleges-left-in-limbo-online-classes|20200525_003903 - 1 day ago|Colleges left in limbo over whether to move classes online next year|Get all the latest news on coronavirus and more delivered daily to your inbox. Sign up here. Higher education will continue this fall, but many colleges and universities remain uncertain of how that will take shape. Countless presidents and provosts have released memos expressing confidence that classrooms will house professors and students alike by summer’s end, replete with new safety protocols and guidance from academic task forces. Despite efforts to remain transparent with their students, mandates from local and state governments will serve as the final recourse for administrations deciding to reopen campus. CLICK HERE FOR FULL CORONAVIRUS COVERAGE Students’ ability to return back to campus this fall will directly depend on how efficiently their state reopens. States with plans to reopen earlier give colleges and universities time to see how the public reacts to mass gatherings after weeks of government-mandated quarantine. If the results prove positive, welcoming students back to campus seems likely. Adversely, states that reopen later hinder administrations from making any promises for on-campus learning. The later the announcement, the more uncertainty students will face concerning the landscape of their future semesters. WHITMER EXTENDS MICHIGAN'S STAY-AT-HOME ORDER UNTIL JUNE 12 In late April, Mississippi became one of the first states to lift its stay-at-home order, continuing with restaurants and parks resuming operations earlier this month. Anticipating a positive trend, Millsaps College, a private liberal arts school in Jackson, announced Tuesday in a virtual town hall that its campus will fully reopen come August. Provost Keith Dunn said those returning will abide by “mandated and absolutely necessary behavior modifications” such as wearing masks in classrooms and disinfecting common areas after use. He also presented the option for students to participate in classes online should they not feel comfortable returning to campus. Mississippi’s reopening trajectory allows Millsaps not only to prepare for a functioning campus environment, but also to communicate clear expectations for the upcoming semester to students and families. The University of Michigan will also take cues from the state government before deciding to welcome students back to Ann Arbor, but their road to reopening proves precarious as the state of Michigan has yet to loosen some of its more stringent guidelines. COMMUNITY COLLEGES PREPARE FOR ENROLLMENT SPIKE TIED TO CORONAVIRUS “We are cautiously optimistic that we will be able to deliver a fall term,” a May 1 message from Interim Provost Susan Collins read, but no firm decision has been made on what that will mean for students. “As we plan for the fall…we rely on the counsel of public health and medical experts and State of Michigan requirements,” the message continued. An executive order from Governor Whitmer last week grants on-campus research to resume at limited capacity, but explicitly suspends “all non-essential in-person visitors (including visiting scholars and undergraduate students) until further notice.” The announcement creates ambiguity concerning the fall semester and hampers administrations’ ability to be decisive in giving direction to students. Despite relaxing restrictions in the northern portions of the state, many businesses in the more populous southern territories remain on lockdown. On Friday, Gov. Whitmer extended her stay-at-home order Friday to June 12, her fifth extension of a mandate that has put her at odds with Republican lawmakers and made her the target of anti-lockdown protests. Legitimate progress won’t occur until public gatherings are put to the test, consequently suspending any clear decision from the university. On the West Coast, The California State University system has already declared upcoming courses will be held primarily online, affecting 23 campuses and over 480,000 students. Other California schools with smaller enrollments, like Pepperdine University, plan to proceed with in-person instruction in the fall but will continue to comply with public health codes. “My commitment is for us to make these decisions when we have enough facts,” Pepperdine President Jim Gash wrote last week. “Presently, circumstances are rapidly changing—globally as well as locally—which means a final decision now is highly unlikely…and could be premature.” Los Angeles County, where the school’s Malibu campus is located, seems unlikely to experience an expedient recovery. The area accounts for half of California’s COVID-19 fatalities, and will not soon join the dozens of other counties that have recently opened select non-essential business. Incoming Pepperdine senior Alley Blanchard told Fox News that while she admires the school’s handling of the coronavirus, she’s skeptical of a smooth transition. “If we do begin on campus, I believe classes will be moved online as the year progresses," Blanchard stated. CLICK HERE FOR THE FOX NEWS APP The logistical headache of another mid-semester conversion will be just one of many factors administrations will consider when monitoring their state’s progression in recovery.
32078156|https://www.foxnews.com/media/michigan-gym-owner-coronavirus-resistance|20200525_003910 - 1 day ago|Michigan gym owner who defied coronavirus orders calls on America to do the same|Get all the latest news on coronavirus and more delivered daily to your inbox. Sign up here. A Michigan gym owner who defied Democratic Gov. Gretchen Whitmer's COVID-19 executive mandates explained why he protested with the Open the States movement on Friday. Appearing on "Fox & Friends Weekend" with host Pete Hegseth, Michigan Institute of Athletics owner James Gray said Saturday that he had reached out to other business owners, local elected officials, ICU nurses and doctors, and House of Representatives members to help compile a large resource of information to get Open the States off the ground. CLICK HERE FOR COMPLETE CORONAVIRUS COVERAGE "I mean, our life's work, our dreams, everything that we’ve put together is on the line at this time," he asserted. "And, you know the governor just indefinitely keeps extending these orders without even informing the people. Some of the officials [who] I spoke to were even telling me that the governor has been saying to the legislation that she has information that they do not have which is why she is making these extensions," stated Gray. "And, when we’re not even working with our own elected officials in a time that shouldn't be partisan at all, a time where the entire nation is in a struggle together, we need people to come together." On Friday, supporters of Open The States spread messages via social media in a virtual protest. A Stand Up Michigan rally for other business owners was also held. UNDER-FIRE WHITMER EXTENDS MICHIGAN STAY-AT-HOME ORDER FOR A FIFTH TIME "We’re basically saying: it's time. We have the information in front of us. We are able to make difficult decisions," he added. Whitmer has extended her "Safer at Home" order until June 12. She also extended her state of emergency through June 19, WJBK-TV reported. In a statement, Whitmer said that while cases and deaths are declining in her state, "we are not out of the woods yet." "You know, fear has crippled a lot of people in this event. And, you have a lot of people [who are] afraid to make the wrong decision," Gray told Hegseth. "But, it's times like [this] throughout history when you bring people together and you make those decisions that you enact change." CLICK HERE FOR THE FOX NEWS APP "I mean, it's just like I said: we want to encourage people to stand up. We want to bring them together. We want to get them educated. Because...how we can fight this battle and win [is with information]," he concluded. "So let's stand up across the nation. It's going to be a national event. We want people to, you know, get on board and let's get this country back to work." Thus far almost 39 million Americans have lost their jobs in the economic crisis. According to Johns Hopkins University of Medicine, more than 96,000 Americans have perished due to the contagion.
33520898|https://www.foxnews.com/world/benjamin-netanyahu-corruption-trial-everything-you-need-to-know|20200525_003916 - 1 day ago|Benjamin Netanyahu corruption trial - everything you need to know|Israel’s Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's trial for three corruption cases will begin on Sunday, more than two months after Israel's unprecedented third election in less than a year, which ended inconclusively and led to the formation of a unity government. Netanyahu is the first sitting Israeli prime minister to go on trial. What are the charges? Netanyahu has been charged with fraud, breach of trust and accepting bribes in three different controversies. The allegations against him included suspicions that he accepted hundreds of thousands of dollars in champagne and cigars from billionaire friends, offered to trade favors with a newspaper publisher and used his influence to help a wealthy telecom magnate in exchange for favorable coverage on a popular news site. When was Netanyahu formally charged? After a three-year investigation, Netanyahu, who has served as prime minister for 11 years, was indicted in November. “A day in which the attorney general decides to serve an indictment against a seated prime minister for serious crimes of corrupt governance is a heavy and sad day, for the Israeli public and for me personally," Israel’s attorney general Avichai Mandelblit told reporters after Netanyahu was formally charged. Netanyahu, in response, said the indictment stemmed from “false accusations” and a systematically “tainted investigation.” He claimed to be the victim of a witch hunt involving political rivals, the media, police and prosecutors, all pressuring a “weak” attorney general, The Times of Israel reported. ISRAELI PM BENJAMIN NETANYAHU ACCUSED OPPONENTS OF 'ATTEMPTED COUP' AFTER CORRUPTION CHARGES Mandelblit rejected suggestions that the indictment was politically motivated, saying it was a “heavy-hearted decision” based solely on professional considerations. Did the COVID-19 outbreak impact the trial? Netanyahu’s trial was supposed to begin in March, but was delayed when his justice minister closed most of the court system because of the coronavirus outbreak. Israel’s new government was sworn in on May 17 following three national elections in under a year, which all ended inconclusively with neither Netanyahu, nor his rival Benny Gantz, in control of a required parliamentary majority. Given the coronavirus outbreak and the desire to avoid yet another election, Gantz dropped his opposition to sitting in a government with the indicted Netanyahu. Under their power-sharing deal, the two will rotate the prime minister’s job during the next three years — with Netanyahu in the role for the first 18 months. According to the agreement, Gantz and Netanyahu control an equal number of government ministries and parliamentary committees and essentially hold veto power over most key decisions. Does Netanyahu have to step down as prime minister given he has been indicted? Netanyahu is not legally required to resign while under indictment. The unity government created a new position of “alternate prime minister,” which like the premier is not required to resign under indictment. This position would allow Netanyahu to stay in office throughout a trial and potential appeals process that could last several years. What happens next? On Wednesday, an Israeli court ordered Netanyahu to appear for the opening of his criminal trial in Jerusalem on Sunday. His attorneys had asked the court for an exemption from appearing at the arraignment, arguing that Netanyahu’s presence was “not essential” given he had “read this indictment several times already.” They also argued that his bodyguards’ presence would violate Health Ministry social distancing requirements during the coronavirus pandemic. The court rejected the request, saying that Netanyahu “must, like all other accused, appear and give his statement before the court.” The trial will take place in Jerusalem District Court where evidence will be presented before a three-judge panel. Judge Rivka Friedman-Feldman will be heading the panel, which will also include Judges Moshe Bar-Am and Oded Shaham, Haaretz reported, adding that the majority of the judges are known to be tough on corruption. The newspaper noted that Arnon Mozes, the publisher of the Yedioth Ahronoth Israeli newspaper; Shaul Elovitch, the former owner of the Bezeq telecommunications company, and his wife Iris have also been charged in the cases. CLICK HERE FOR THE FOX NEWS APP The Jerusalem District Court noted that social distancing orders by the Health Ministry must be followed and, therefore, people in the courtroom will be required to wear face masks and sit more than 6 feet apart, The Times of Israel reported. The Associated Press contributed to this report.
6846193|https://www.foxnews.com/entertainment/kathie-lee-gifford-ancestry-host-virtual-memorial-day-parade-deep-wwii|20200525_003922 - 1 day ago|Kathie Lee Gifford talks virtual Memorial Day parade with Ancestry, shares her personal connection to WWII|When Kathie Lee Gifford was approached to collaborate with Ancestry to bring the world a virtual Memorial Day Parade to commemorate and honor those who have paid the ultimate sacrifice for our nation’s freedom, she leaped at the opportunity. The former “Today” co-host, 66, and now-Nashville native said she couldn’t contain herself when the family history conglomerate tapped her to host the Memorial Day “Parade of Heroes” on May 25, which will also serve as a celebration to the end of World War II, and with it, life stories of valor and sacrifice as told by veterans who have served in different eras. “I just have always been extraordinarily grateful for people's service. I always say: 'And thank you for your service.' I mean, being locked down so much in these past couple of months, I think people understand how precious our freedom is,” Gifford told Fox News on Thursday. “And it's never free. It's got the word 'free' in it but somebody had to fight for that – for us to have it.” KATHIE LEE GIFFORD SAYS LATE HUSBAND FRANK 'MIGHT HAVE HAD A LITTLE SOMETHING’ TO DO WITH KIDS GETTING ENGAGED “I was so honored that they asked me – they could have asked anybody and probably everybody would have done it. But they asked me and I was honored. Very much so,” added Gifford. The longtime Hoda Kotb running mate said she “respects and applauds” past and present servicemen and women “all over the world working right now to secure that and to maintain such a necessary part of our existence – to know that we're secure and in our own homes, in our own country." She also shared her family’s deep connection to our nation’s military that dates back two generations, revealing that her own father was a 20-year veteran who served in the Navy and lied at age 17 in order to join our military where he ultimately served in Europe and where Gifford would later be born. KATHIE LEE GIFFORD SAYS SHE WENT ON HER FIRST DATE IN 33 YEARS “My father was a 20-year veteran as well. He lied about his age – I always say to him it was the only bad thing he ever did. Lied about his age when he was 17-years-old when Pearl Harbor happened and joined the Navy as well,” Gifford explained. “And during World War II, his stepfather was killed in action. His oldest brother was killed in action. His other brother was wounded," she continued. "So my daddy was the only one who came home physically unscathed by the war. But obviously, no one comes away from war unscathed emotionally in one way or another. So it was all a great personal loss to our family.” Gifford, herself, was born in 1953 in Paris, France because her father was stationed at Supreme Headquarters Allied Expeditionary Force (SHAEF) Headquarters on General Dwight D. Eisenhower's staff. "So my father continued to serve in Europe after the war and then served many, many more years at the U.S. Naval Station in Washington, D.C.," Gifford shared. "So, yes, there's a long history. And I just have always been extraordinarily grateful for people's service.” KATHIE LEE GIFFORD SAYS HER KIDS 'INSISTED' SHE SELF-ISOLATE IN FLORIDA: ‘IT’S QUITE BEAUTIFUL’ Gifford said she is excited for folks at home to be able to tune into the virtual Memorial Day parade given the current coronavirus pandemic that has forced many to physically distance themselves from others, thwarting any potential for large crowd gatherings. “In the past, what people did was they went to their Memorial Day parade down their main streets of their towns and then maybe remembered somebody in their family that had passed or been killed or served in the war,” she said while exuding her eagerness to hear the real-life war stories that would be shared as well. “But rarely do we hear the individual stories told so beautifully," she said. "I know that they are living combat veterans, but they span different generations and different wars. So we have a different perspective, too. It's not just World War II.” “I mean this is the 75th anniversary of the final end of World War II. So it's got extra meaning in that respect to 75 years since we won that incredible battle against tyranny on two different continents,” added Gifford. “So I'm grateful that we're going to be able to do this. These stories are extraordinary.” KATHIE LEE GIFFORD ON FAITH BEING 'CENTRAL' TO WHO SHE IS: 'IT'S NOT A RELIGION TO ME, IT'S A RELATIONSHIP’ Gifford said she has always remained interested in learning about her lineage, thanks in large part to her mother, and the self-proclaimed “history buff” maintained that it’s important to her that everyone learns where they came from – and with Ancestry, people have a real chance to build their family tree. “I think it's great to know who came before you [and] I'm a history buff anyway – my mom did our genealogy quite a few years ago and she was born under very, very sort of mysterious circumstances,” Gifford said. “A lot of pieces of the puzzle were missing. And when she did that, it gave her a great sense of peace and comfort and actual pride, too. She found out all kinds of things that she was like, 'Wow!'” “I'm sure that there are some things we can discover that we're not going to like too much as well,” she noted. “But I always think [the] truth is power, so find out, and it's fascinating. And it's a fun thing to do as a family as well ... [to] find out your own family history -- and you can go on Ancestry for free on the website -- and find out some of the people [who] did serve in your own family, so I think that's worth doing.” KATHIE LEE GIFFORD PRAISES HALLMARK FOR MAKING MOVIES FOR AMERICANS WHO ARE 'NOT OFFENDED BY FAITH' During the live virtual Memorial Day Parade, viewers will also be treated to appearances from celebrities such as Rob Lowe and Mario Lopez as well as incredible performances from the likes of Tori Kelly, the Lincoln Way Marching Band from New Lenos, Ill., and Gifford’s favorite of the bunch the Acapop! Kids – a group of 25 vocalists handpicked and arranged by the Grammy Award-winning and multi-platinum brain trusts behind Pentatonix. “I think Pentatonix is the best. They are unbelievable. They had their very first national television appearance back on the 'Today' show,” Gifford said before making the joke that she’d forever be connected to the acapella performers. She continued: “So I'm kind of linked to them. Not in an Ancestry.com kind of way, but in a personal way. I know they're going to be spectacular and to see that kind of musical discipline and musicality coming from kids, I think it's amazing. That's what I'm most excited about.” CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP Ancestry’s “Parade of Heroes” will stream on May 25 at 11 a.m. EST on the company’s Facebook page.
58664873|https://www.foxnews.com/politics/us-says-china-blocking-return-of-american-passenger-jets-amid-coronavirus-rules|20200525_003928 - 1 day ago|US says China blocking return of American passenger jets amid coronavirus rules|Get all the latest news on coronavirus and more delivered daily to your inbox. Sign up here. The Trump administration late Friday accused China of blocking U.S. passenger flights into the country amid coronavirus restrictions, according to a report. “China has, over the objections of the U.S. government, impaired the operating rights of U.S. carriers,” Department of Transportation Assistant Secretary Joel Szabat wrote in a letter to Chinese airlines, according to Forbes. Szabat ordered four Chinese airlines to submit flight schedules by next Wednesday to evaluate if the airlines are “contrary to applicable law or adversely affect the public interest.” He added that U.S. carriers should be able to “exercise their full bilateral rights.” JETBLUE, UNITED RAMP UP CORONAVIRUS SAFETY MEASURES AS STATES START TO REOPEN Delta Air Lines and United Airlines want to resume multiple flights per week to China in June, Reuters reported. Both have been sending only cargo flights to China during the pandemic. At the end of January when the virus started to spread across China, the Trump administration temporarily blocked entry into the U.S. for most travelers who had been to China recently, excepting U.S. citizens -- but didn’t restrict Chinese flights into the country. In February, U.S. carriers voluntarily stopped flights to China. Then in March, China started restricting international and Chinese flights into the country to one per week for each airline, Forbes reported. China also said each airline couldn’t fly more often than it did before March 12, but because U.S. carriers had stopped flying to China, it “effectively precludes U.S. carriers from reinstating scheduled passenger flights to China,” the department said, according to Reuters. China told the U.S. last week it may remove the March 12 schedule restriction but the “once-weekly service on one route to China would remain in place,” the letter said, Reuters reported. As virus fears have lowered demand for flights, some carriers in the U.S. have been forced to cut their flight schedules by up to 90 percent. U.S. airlines will receive a multibillion-dollar bailout from the coronavirus stimulus bill passed by the Senate last month for agreeing to keep employees on the rolls through September. CLICK HERE FOR COMPLETE CORONAVIRUS COVERAGE Tensions have been high between Washington and Beijing lately over trade, technology and allegations of Beijing’s mishandling of the coronavirus pandemic when it first started to spread through Wuhan late last year.
38936017|https://www.foxnews.com/opinion/richard-fowler-biden-isnt-a-racist-despite-his-you-aint-black-comment-and-claims-by-republicans|20200525_003934 - 1 day ago|Richard Fowler: Biden isn’t a racist, despite his ‘you ain’t black’ comment and claims by Republicans|Get all the latest news on coronavirus and more delivered daily to your inbox. Sign up here. Black Americans face many problems today – disproportionate deaths and job losses caused by the coronavirus pandemic, a higher poverty rate, continuing discrimination, substandard housing and schools in many cities, and much more. But alleged racism by former Vice President Joe Biden isn’t one of our problems. Unfortunately, a rhetorical slip by Biden in an interview with a black radio talk show host Friday is being blown out of all proportion by supporters of President Trump in an effort to score political points. The Trump supporters think black people aren’t smart enough to realize Biden’s poor choice of words was a largely insignificant incident. Well, guess what. Black folks aren’t stupid. JOE BIDEN EXPRESSES REGRET OVER 'YOU AIN'T BLACK' COMMENTS: ‘I SHOULDN'T HAVE BEEN SO CAVALIER' We know that former Vice President Biden is no stranger to the black community. We know he has spent years working on issues that black voters care a great deal about, including voting rights, investments in public education, and ending the injustices facing communities of color. We know that Biden is not a racist. Not only has he stood in the gap for civil and human rights, but he spent eight years working side-by-side with the first African-American president – Barack Obama – to build a legacy of decency, respect, and economic stability. Vice President Biden is the presumptive Democratic nominee because black voters know him, his record, and his commitment to making our country more fair and just. Beyond that, the Biden campaign is clearly extremely committed to engaging with and answering questions from black-owned and operated media, like “The Breakfast Club” program where he was interviewed Friday. During Biden’s 18-minute interview with Charlemagne tha God, Biden responded to every question. He discussed some of his plans for black America including restoring voting rights, raising wages, and increasing access to high-quality health care. He also discussed his intent to consider a woman of color as his running mate. Biden’s mistake, which he later apologized for, was to tell Charlemagne – in a poor attempt at humor: “I tell you if you have a problem figuring out whether you’re for me or Trump, then you ain’t black.” Biden shouldn’t have made the comment, and he apologized for it later in the day, saying: “I shouldn’t have been such a wise guy …. No one should have to vote for any party, based on their race or religion or background.” Biden is right about that. But to say his poor attempt at humor erases his sterling record on issues important to black people over many decades is ridiculous. Does the former vice president have some blemishes on his record when dealing with the black community? Of course. Does Trump have blemishes – make that gaping holes – on his record on black issues as well? Yes, and his shortcoming dwarf Biden’s. Should Biden apologize for writing the 1994 crime bill and ushering in a new wave of harsh policing and mass incarceration? Absolutely, and in the future he must do better. Should Trump apologize for his far worse actions? You bet, but don’t expect to ever hear an apology cross the president’s lips. He wants us to believe he has never made a mistake and never done anything wrong. Black voters are extraordinarily pragmatic and are not going to be swayed to change their votes by an inappropriate comment from the former vice president on a radio show. These voters, just like most Americans, are examining candidates and their records to see who can best lead this nation, especially during the COVID-19 crisis and recovery. Both the Biden and Trump campaigns could benefit from engaging black America more comprehensively, and this current pandemic crisis demands it. Presidential elections are about contrast – one candidate against another. As of today, the difference couldn't be more apparent. Yes, Biden has made several missteps in his choice of words and his past policy positions, but the past three months of Trump’s incompetent mishandling of the coronavirus crisis will carry more weight in voters' minds than Biden’s fumbled choice of words. During this crisis, we have witnessed the dangerous combination of ineffective leadership by Trump and stifling social inequities and how this impacts American lives. CLICK HERE TO SIGN UP FOR OUR OPINION NEWSLETTER As a member of the African-American community, I am the creator and gatekeeper of my own blackness. Biden’s social faux pas does not define my sense of blackness or my sense of self. It is much more important for us to focus on all of the death and societal panic that have resulted from the Trump administration and its lack of coronavirus tests, its failure to provide adequate amounts of personal protective equipment for health care workers, and its mindless rush to reopen America without consideration for scientific guidance or flattening the curve of COVID-19 rates. A recent Fox News Poll found that American voters favor Joe Biden over President Trump by nearly nine points. In that same poll, Trump's approval rating eroded eight points due to his dismal performance during this COVID-19 pandemic. CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP These poll numbers make it abundantly clear that voters are far more concerned about a global pandemic than they are about a 30-second viral clip of Biden’s poorly stated comment. The Trump team’s desperate attempt to magnify Biden’s verbal misstep into a major campaign issue is laughable. Black voters are too smart to fall for this distraction. CLICK HERE TO READ MORE BY RICHARD FOWLER
6374087|https://www.foxnews.com/entertainment/betty-white-98-says-shes-blessed-with-incredibly-good-health-amid-the-coronavirus-pandemic|20200525_003940 - 1 day ago|Betty White, 98, says she's 'blessed with incredibly good health' amid the coronavirus pandemic|Get all the latest news on coronavirus and more delivered daily to your inbox. Sign up here. At age 98, life is golden for Betty White. The actress told Closer Weekly for their latest issue that she’s in good spirits amid the coronavirus pandemic. “I’m blessed with incredibly good health,” America’s sweetheart told the outlet. “That’s something you appreciate a lot.” Entertainer and pal Tom Sullivan also told the outlet that the former “Golden Girls” and “Mary Tyler Moore Show” star has been keeping busy while staying safe. “She reads the L.A. Times cover to cover,” he shared. “She owns literally thousands of crossword puzzle books and is constantly doing them to keep her mind jumping. This is really serious with her.” QUEEN ELIZABETH'S 'CHRISTIAN FAITH MEANS SO MUCH TO HER’ AMID THE CORONAVIRUS PANDEMIC, SOURCE SAYS 'HAMILTON' STAR DAVEED DIGGS ON WORKING WITH JENNIFER CONNELLY IN 'SNOWPIERCER': 'SHE'S INCREDIBLE' “She’s tried Zooming her Scrabble game with her friends, but it’s not quite the same,” a close friend added. According to the insider, White likes to enjoy simple things at home, such as “hot dogs and French fries” as well as a “sip on a vodka martini.” She also doesn’t mind whipping “up a grilled cheese sandwich” with “a nice can of tomato soup.” “Betty loves to joke that vodka keeps her young,” said the friend. “She loves the image of her sitting at home in a rocking chair, drinking a martini and watching game shows, but she’s not really a big drinker. That’s not her. She’ll only take a few sips of a cocktail if the occasion calls for it.” The pal also revealed that the COVID-19 crisis has caused the star to view life in a completely different way. “Betty’s message to the world is to slow down and enjoy what you have: family, friends, your pets,” said the source. “She said that the pandemic is serious, but we have come through worse. It’s Mother Nature’s way of telling us all to slow down.” ‘TOP GUN’ STAR RICK ROSSOVICH RECALLS WORKING WITH TOM CRUISE, VAL KILMER: WE ‘WERE LIKE BROTHERS’ PRINCESS THEODORA OF GREECE POSTPONES HER ROYAL WEDDING AMID CORONAVIRUS OUTBREAK: REPORTS Back in March, TMZ reported the beloved actress was safely social distancing at her palatial Los Angeles residence. She was limiting her physical interactions and heeding the advice of worldwide officials who confirmed the novel illness impacts the elderly community. What’s more is that any of the day-to-day duties, such as grocery shopping, running essential errands and other tasks are being carried out for the “Golden Girl” so she never has to leave her estate, according to TMZ. Additionally, the Hollywood staple is reportedly taking the time to kick her feet up and relax through the quarantine period. White is continuing her reign as showbiz’s indestructible queen and has maintained in recent years as she’s aged well into her 90s that she’ll “be in the saddle forever.” A rep for White told the “Today” show on March 12, “Betty is fine,” after celebrities Tom Hanks and wife Rita Wilson revealed they had tested positive for the virus. BILL FARMER, THE VOICE OF DISNEY’S GOOFY, SAYS HE ORIGINALLY AUDITIONED FOR MICKEY MOUSE KATHARINE HEPBURN ENJOYED HER SECLUSION AWAY FROM HOLLYWOOD, CHILDHOOD PAL SAYS: ‘SHE WAS JUST ONE OF US’ "Someone get Betty White into her own quarantine... we can’t lose her #CoronaOutbreak," one person wrote on Twitter at the time, echoing the emotions and sentiments of many who voiced the same. In 2018, White told Parade magazine that the secret to longevity is to “enjoy life.” “Accentuate the positive, not the negative. It sounds so trite, but a lot of people will pick out something to complain about, rather than say, ‘Hey, that was great!’ It’s not hard to find great stuff if you look.” White also spoke about her love for vodka and hot dogs, “probably in that order.” White confessed, “I know it sounds corny, but I try to see the funny side and the upside, not the downside. I get bored with people who complain about this or that. It’s such a waste of time.” BROOKE SHIELDS EXPLAINS WHY SHE DOESN’T ‘HAVE ANY DESIRE TO FIT BACK’ INTO HER CALVIN KLEIN JEANS BROOKE SHIELDS EXPLAINS WHY SHE DOESN’T ‘HAVE ANY DESIRE TO FIT BACK’ INTO HER CALVIN KLEIN JEANS The sitcom star who has six Emmys under her belt isn't retiring. “I just love to work, so I’ll keep working until they stop asking,” she revealed. Fox News’ Julius Young and Zoe Szathmary contributed to this report.
92721708|https://www.foxnews.com/health/dr-birx-asking-cdc-to-investigate-3-coronavirus-hotspots-la-chicago-dc|20200525_003947 - 1 day ago|Dr. Birx asking CDC to investigate 3 coronavirus hotspots: LA, Chicago, DC|Get all the latest news on coronavirus and more delivered daily to your inbox. Sign up here. Three major U.S. cities remain persistent hotspots for coronavirus -- even amid stay-at-home restrictions -- so White House coronavirus response coordinator Dr. Deborah Birx said Friday she's asking the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) to find out why. Birx identified the cities as Los Angeles, Chicago and Washington, D.C. “Even though Washington has remained closed, L.A. has remained closed, Chicago has remained closed, we still see these ongoing cases,” she told reporters during a White House news briefing. Birx said at least 42 states have less than 10 percent of the population with the virus. She added that most metropolitan areas also have coronavirus rates under 10 percent. DEROY MURDOCK: STARK DIFFERENCE BETWEEN CUOMO AND DESANTIS' HANDLING OF NURSING HOMES DURING CORONAVIRUS PANDEMIC As many parts of the country are easing restrictions, Birx requested the CDC work with the metropolitan areas “to really understand where these new cases are coming from and what do we need to do to prevent them in the future.” Birx said Washington, D.C. has the highest rate of infection, according to The Washington Post. Virginia Gov. Ralph Northam and Maryland Gov. Larry Hogan said most of the infections are in the populous D.C. suburbs. Northam through a spokesperson said the Northern Virginia suburbs outside D.C. "face unique challenges." Leaders in D.C. and the surrounding suburbs in Virginia and Maryland have said, however, that the numbers are going down and plan to lift some restrictions as soon as next week. D.C.’s cumulative positivity rate is at 18 percent and has been gradually declining since April, The Post reported. In Los Angeles, Mayor Eric Garcetti said the city has been making “steady” progress against the virus as he announced the lifting of some restrictions. Birx included adjacent Orange County, which has lifted restrictions faster that L.A., in the assessment, The Los Angeles Times reported. As Birx was concerned about L.A. being a hotspot, the Department of Justice sent a letter to the city warning any extensions of the stay-at-home order could be illegal. Los Angeles County accounts for 56 percent of the state’s deaths, but there was a 12 percent decrease in deaths over the last week and a 15 percent decrease in hospitalizations. CLICK HERE FOR COMPLETE CORONAVIRUS COVERAGE Chicago Mayor Lori Lightfoot said Birx’s assessment isn’t supported by the numbers, WMAQ-TV reported. "Everything is trending cautiously in the right direction," Dr. Allison Arwady, commissioner of the Chicago Department of Public Health, said, while acknowledging Cook County has the most cases in the U.S. Cook County, which includes Chicago, is the No. 2 most populous county behind Los Angeles County.
39498068|https://www.foxnews.com/entertainment/hollywood-exec-pocketed-more-than-1-7m-in-coronavirus-ppp-funds-authorities-say|20200525_003956 - 1 day ago|Hollywood exec pocketed more than $1.7M in coronavirus PPP funds, authorities say|Get all the latest news on coronavirus and more delivered daily to your inbox. Sign up here. A former Hollywood studio executive has been charged with pocketing more than $1.7 million in coronavirus relief funds and using the money to pay off his credit card debt and other personal expenses, federal prosecutors said Friday. William Sadleir, 66, of Beverly Hills, Calif., the former chairman and chief executive officer of Aviron Pictures, faces federal charges of wire fraud, bank fraud, making false statements to a financial institution, and making false statements to the Small Business Administration, the Justice Department said. CORONAVIRUS UNLEASHES WAVE OF FRAUD IN US AMID FEAR AND SCARCITY The complaint, filed Thursday in the Central District of California, alleges Sadleir filed forgivable bank loan applications seeking more than $1.7 million under the Paycheck Protection Program. The federal program was implemented to help small businesses stay afloat amid the COVID-19 crisis that has shattered the global economy. “This film producer allegedly made a series of misrepresentations to a bank and the Small Business Administration to illegally secure taxpayer money that he then used to fund his nearly empty personal bank account,” U.S. Attorney Nick Hanna of the Central District of California said in a statement. Federal prosecutors alleged Sadleir submitted three applications to JP Morgan Chase for loans under the PPP on behalf of Aviron entities. The applications were filed under the guise that the funds would be used to support payroll and other business-related expenses, prosecutors said. 27 GOP SENATORS ASK AG BARR TO INVESTIGATE PLANNED PARENTHOOD GETTING PPP FUNDS Instead, Sadleir transferred some of the money to his personal bank account and used it to pay off $80,000 in personal credit card debt, a $40,000 car loan and other expenses, the complaint said. “This defendant allegedly used Paycheck Protection Program loans to pay off his personal credit card debts and other personal expenses, rather than using the funds for legitimate business needs,” said Brian Benczkowski, assistant attorney general of the DOJ's Criminal Division. The funds are part of the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security (CARES) Act, which was approved in March to aid Americans and small businesses suffering financial hardship amid the pandemic. The $349 billion allocated was exhausted in less than two weeks after the SBA approved 1.7 million loans. In April, an additional $300 billion in PPP funding was approved by Congress. “These funds were designed to be a lifeline to businesses struggling to stay afloat during the current crisis,” FBI Assistant Director in Charge Paul Delacourt said in a statement. CLICK HERE FOR COMPLETE CORONAVIRUS COVERAGE Sadleir left Aviron Pictures in January following a lawsuit alleging impropriety in the company structure. Federal prosecutors said they were told that he had no role in Aviron Pictures -- a subsidiary --or related entities, according to Deadline. A separate criminal complaint alleged he defrauded investors of $14 million to pay for his Beverly Hills residence.
534146|https://www.foxnews.com/health/fauci-says-extended-stay-home-orders-could-cause-irreparable-damage|20200525_004005 - 1 day ago|Fauci says extended stay-home orders could cause ‘irreparable damage’|Get all the latest news on coronavirus and more delivered daily to your inbox. Sign up here. Stay-home orders that extend too long could cause the U.S. “irreparable damage,” Dr. Anthony Fauci warned Friday. Strict crackdowns on large gatherings and other orders, such as for home quarantines, were needed when the coronavirus first hit the nation, but those rules can now begin to be lifted in many parts of the country, Fauci said during an interview on CNBC. “I don’t want people to think that any of us feel that staying locked down for a prolonged period of time is the way to go,” the member of the White House coronavirus task force said. TRUMP ANNOUNCES HOUSES OF WORSHIP ARE 'ESSENTIAL,' CALLS ON GOVERNORS TO OPEN THEM UP “But now is the time, depending upon where you are and what your situation is, to begin to seriously look at reopening the economy, reopening the country to try to get back to some degree of normal.” He warned, however, against reckless reopenings and called for the use of “very significant precautions” as restrictions are lifted. “In general, I think most of the country is doing it in a prudent way,” he said. “There are obviously some situations where people might be jumping over that. I just say, ‘Please, proceed with caution if you’re going to do that.’” Fauci’s comments came one day after two top Republicans – Sen. Rand Paul of Kentucky and Rep. Andy Biggs of Arizona – wrote in an op-ed that Fauci’s initial safety recommendations had “emasculated” the nation’s health care system and “ruined” its economy. “Fauci and company have relied on models that were later found to be deficient. He even has suggested that he can’t rely on any of the models, especially if the underlying assumptions are wrong,” the pair wrote in USA Today. “Yet, Fauci persists in advocating policies that have emasculated the medical care system and ruined the economy.” RAND PAUL SAYS FAUCI'S POLICIES 'EMASCULATED' MEDICAL CARE SYSTEM, 'RUINED' ECONOMY They also pointed to Fauci's testimony last week before a Senate committee that opening too soon would “result in needless suffering and death.” “What about the countless stories of needless suffering and death produced by Fauci’s one-size-fits-all approach to public health?” Paul and Biggs asked. They called for policies based on trusting the risk assessment of the American people rather than a federal government mandate. Earlier Friday, Fauci said it was “conceivable” that the U.S. could begin to distribute a coronavirus vaccine by December. CLICK HERE FOR COMPLETE CORONAVIRUS COVERAGE “Back in January of this year when we started the phase 1 trial, I said it would likely be between a year and 18 months before we would have a vaccine,” Fauci said during an interview on NPR. “I think that schedule is still intact. “I think it is conceivable,” he continued, “if we don’t run into things that are, as they say, unanticipated setbacks, that we could have a vaccine that we could be beginning to deploy at the end of this calendar year, December 2020, or into January, 2021.” Fox News’ Morgan Phillips contributed to this story.
69487425|https://www.foxnews.com/media/steve-formes-message-business-owners-protesting-lockdowns|20200525_004013 - 1 day ago|Steve Forbes sends message to business owners: 'You pray, you fight, you get out there and you pressure'|Get all the latest news on coronavirus and more delivered daily to your inbox. Sign up here. Forbes Media Chairman and Editor-in-Chief Steve Forbes told "The Ingraham Angle" Friday that small business owners who are affected by the coronavirus lockdowns in some states should "fight" and "pray" for their businesses. "The pressure, whether it's civil disobedience ... going after your representatives and the like, petitioning, has got to be done. We already know, we've seen it in Florida. We've seen it in Georgia, Colorado, which has a Democrat governor, but he used to do business as before. He knows no revenue, you don't survive," Forbes said. "So we've got to keep this opening going with deliberate speed. We know it can be done safely. We've seen it in actual practice." CLICK HERE FOR COMPLETE CORONAVIRUS COVERAGE The business mogul called on the government to pass liability protection for businesses and suspend the payroll tax. "[What] the federal government can do is provide liability protection [so] when these businesses open, they don't get harassed by lawsuits, frivolous lawsuits," Forbes said. "The other thing they can do is suspend the payroll tax. So when you hire somebody, you pay them. You know, the cost of labor is less, they earn more, win-win all around." Forbes also criticized the Paycheck Protection Program (PPP) for what he called its "ridiculous restrictions." "Like 75 percent of your money has to go for payroll," he said. "The fact of the matter is for a lot of businesses, utilities, rent are the biggest expenses." CLICK HERE FOR THE FOX NEWS APP Forbes concluded by urging people to continue demonstrating against the lockdown orders. "You pray, you fight, you get out there and you pressure and the demonstrations work," Forbes said. "New Jersey wouldn't have gone as far as it did ... if people hadn't gone out and started to do these demonstrations we've seen in other parts of the country too."
51412692|https://www.foxnews.com/media/pete-hegseth-revolt-gym-owners-against-lockdown|20200525_004024 - 1 day ago|Pete Hegseth praises 'revolt of the gym owners, revolt of the salon owners' against lockdown orders|Get all the latest news on coronavirus and more delivered daily to your inbox. Sign up here. "Fox & Friends Weekend" co-host Pete Hegseth extolled what he described as "the revolt of the gym owners" against coronavirus-induced lockdown orders, which have endangered the livelihoods of millions of people. "I love that this is the revolt of the gym owners, the revolt of the salon owners, of the barbershops, of the restaurants, of the tattoo parlors," Hegseth told "The Ingraham Angle" Friday. "Sometimes the revolt comes from the most unlikeliest of places." "This is how the elites look at it, 'They just own a gym or a hair salon,'" Hegseth added. "No, these are hardworking entrepreneurs who understand their rights and they are standing up for the rest of us ... this is not left versus right, this is liberty versus lockdown ... this is common sense." WHITMER EXTENDS MICHIGAN STAY-AT-HOME ORDER FOR FIFTH TIME Host Laura Ingraham updated Hegseth on what she called the "ridiculous and draconian" lockdown order from Democratic Pennsylvania Gov. Tom Wolf. On Friday, Wolf announced that several rural counties would be allowed to transition to either the "yellow" or less restrictive "green" phase of reopening, which mandates restrictions such as 50 percent capacity at restaurants. Much of the eastern half of the state, including Philadelphia and the Poconos, remains locked down in Wolf's so-called "red" phase. Ingraham quoted from a Philadelphia Inquirer story in which one Democratic state representative told Wolf "her constituents have not yet seen evidence that your administration recognizes and sympathizes with the added physical, emotional, and financial suffering they are facing." Late Friday, the Round the Clock Diner in Springettsbury, Pa., whose owner Demos Sacarellos had been interviewed on "Fox & Friends" earlier in the day, received word from the commonwealth's Department of Agriculture that their business license had been revoked due to noncompliance with Wolf's health emergency order. CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP Pennsylvania Department of Agriculture spokesperson Shannon Powers told the York Dispatch that the establishment had been issued two prior warnings for remaining open, which led to her office revoking the restaurant's license. Wolf's order prohibits dine-in service in counties not in the "green" phase. On "The Ingraham Angle," Hegseth said the nation's "elites" reject "common sense wisdom" when they issue business lockdown orders. "They don't respect people enough to let them make their own risk calculation, and people are starting to say 'It's time to open up across the board, I don't care where you live,'" he said, "and that is a reflection of the fact that we should respect people ... that is what free people do, Laura."
82968772|https://www.foxnews.com/media/special-report-all-star-panel-trump-houses-of-worship-announcement|20200525_004034 - 1 day ago|Marshall on Trump call to reopen houses of worship: 'Even though worshipping is essential, God is everywhere'|Get all the latest news on coronavirus and more delivered daily to your inbox. Sign up here. Fox News contributor Leslie Marshall and The Federalist publisher Ben Domenech took opposing sides Friday on "Special Report" in response to President Trump's "order" that governors open houses of worship during the coronavirus pandemic. "The president's order today is meant to send a message to the states about the essential nature of religious services," Domenech said on the All-Star panel. "His comment ... about overruling the governors is something that, I think it could be tested in a couple of instances, but is more likely to come in the form of DOJ [Justice Department] lawsuits, as we've seen in other cases against those governors who don't allow these houses of worship to open." PASTOR URGING NATIONWIDE REOPEN TO PREACH AT CHURCH MET WITH CHICAGO 'THUGGERY' Trump on Friday announced that new Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) guidance will classify houses of worship as “essential,” as he called on governors to allow them to open “right now” after being closed during coronavirus lockdowns. "The governors need to do the right thing and allow these very important essential places of faith to open right now -- for this weekend," Trump said at a White House briefing. "If they don't do it, I will override the governors." Marshall disagreed with the president's decision, noting problems in her home state of California and citing an instance in Arkansas in which a coronavirus outbreak trace back to church gatherings. "We have here in California at least three churches, one of which had over 70 people, 73 to be exact [contract COVID-19]. There are three deaths as a result. But the problem with that is it goes further than just these houses of worship because these people go out into the community," Marshall said. "If you look at Arkansas, where you have 38 percent of one, one church's population [infected] ... then they have found through tracing [that] 26 additional people were infected. One died in the community, three died in the church. This is something governors have to look at because every state is on a different track with regard to social distancing." CLICK HERE FOR FULL CORONAVIRUS COVERAGE Marshall said that governors should make the decision that's best for their state and people should make the best of the situation. "Even though worshipping is essential, God is everywhere," Marshall added. "So let's pray wherever we can until we're safe to go inside those churches, mosques and synagogues."
48801478|https://www.foxnews.com/media/barstool-dave-portnoy-i-dont-trust-fauci|20200525_004045 - 1 day ago|Barstool Sports founder Portnoy says 'I don't trust' Fauci: 'He's on different sides depending on the day'|Get all the latest news on coronavirus and more delivered daily to your inbox. Sign up here. Barstool Sports founder Dave Portnoy joined "Tucker Carlson Tonight" Friday to discuss his recent profane rant against National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases chief Dr. Anthony Fauci. "I don't mean to pile on Fauci, but we are making very important decisions based on what he's saying," Portnoy told host Tucker Carlson, "and I think it's OK to say 'I really don't know, guys'. "But I get the feeling if you asked him this question, or 'What does one plus one equal?' you're going to get seven different answers." BARSTOOL'S DAVE PORTNOY BLASTS DR. FAUCI IN NEW CORONAVIRUS RANT: 'I'M BEGINNING TO THINK HE'S SENILE' Portnoy's Friday diatribe was in response to a CNBC interview in which Fauci admitted Americans "can't stay locked down for such a considerable period of time [or risk] irreparable damage and have unintended consequences including consequences for health." "He thinks we should start opening the country. What the f--k are we talking about? This is my whole point," Portnoy said on Instagram. He later added that Fauci should "pick a [expletive] side or at least say you don't know." "I was taken off-guard," the man known as "El Presidente" told Carlson. "I thought I was taking crazy pills for a second. Last week, Portnoy went on a similar rant that emphasized that small business owners shouldn’t have to start over because of coronavirus-related shutdowns and guidelines. "I think at this point, you let people -- individuals -- make decisions for themselves," he told Carlson Friday. "The only thing, as I said before, that we absolutely know for certain is if you continue the quarantine, tons of people are going to lose their livelihoods." In states like Pennsylvania, New Jersey, Illinois, California and New York, much of the population remains under strict lockdowns that have shuttered businesses and risked the livelihoods of those who own or work at them. "Listen, Fauci may be the nicest guy in the world, but he said wear masks [then] don't wear masks. He said the lockdown may go on indefinitely [then] we have to end the lockdown," Portnoy said. "It's tough to put that much stake in what he's saying when I just don't think he knows." CLICK HERE FOR COMPLETE CORONAVIRUS COVERAGE "Right now, I don't trust what he says, I don't know how anybody could," he concluded. "I don't know if it's intentional, I just honestly think this thing moves. There [are] videos of Fauci all through this, he's on different sides depending on the day, depending on the mood, we are making seemingly life-changing decisions for other people based on facts that are clearly not facts."
89869404|https://www.foxnews.com/world/lockdown-measures-prevented-children-receiving-preventive-vaccines|20200525_004051 - 1 day ago|Lockdown measures have kept nearly 80 million children from receiving preventive vaccines|Get all the latest news on coronavirus and more delivered daily to your inbox. Sign up here. The coronavirus pandemic has resulted in stay-at-home orders that are putting young children at risk of contracting measles, polio and diphtheria, according to a report released Friday by the World Health Organization (WHO). Routine childhood immunizations in at least 68 countries have been put on hold due to the unprecedented spread of COVID-19 worldwide, making children under the age of one more vulnerable. More than half of 129 counties, where immunization data was readily available, reported moderate, severe or total suspensions of vaccinations during March and April. “Immunization is one of the most powerful and fundamental disease prevention tools in the history of public health,” said WHO Director-General Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus. “Disruption to immunization programs from the COVID-19 pandemic threatens to unwind decades of progress against vaccine-preventable diseases like measles.” The WHO has reported the reasons for reduced immunization rates vary. Some parents are afraid to leave the house due to travel restrictions relating to the coronavirus, whereas a lack of information regarding the importance of immunization remains a problem in some places. Health workers are also less available because of COVID-19 restrictions. The Sabin Vaccine Institute, the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF) and GAVI, The Vaccine Alliance also contributed to the report. Experts are worried that worldwide immunization rates, which have progressed since the 1970s, are now being threatened. “More children in more countries are now protected against more vaccine-preventable diseases than at any point in history,” said Gavi CEO Dr. Seth Berkley. “Due to COVID-19 this immense progress is now under threat.” UNICEF has also reported a delay in vaccine deliveries because of coronavirus restrictions and is now “appealing to governments, the private sector, the airline industry, and others, to free up freight space at an affordable cost for these life-saving vaccines.” Experts say that children need to receive their vaccines by the age of 2. And in the case of polio, 90 percent of the population need to be immunized in order to wipe out the disease. Polio is already making a comeback in some parts of the world, with more than a dozen African countries reporting polio outbreaks this year. CLICK HERE FOR THE FOX NEWS APP “We cannot let our fight against one disease come at the expense of long-term progress in our fight against other diseases,” said UNICEF’s Executive Director Henrietta Fore. “We have effective vaccines against measles, polio and cholera," she said. "While circumstances may require us to temporarily pause some immunization efforts, these immunizations must restart as soon as possible or we risk exchanging one deadly outbreak for another.” The Associated Press contributed to this report.
35697337|https://www.foxnews.com/entertainment/new-recording-john-prine-angel-from-montgomery-released-covid-19-relief|20200525_004059 - 1 day ago|New recording of John Prine’s ‘Angel From Montgomery’ released by Recording Academy for COVID-19 relief|Get all the latest news on coronavirus and more delivered daily to your inbox. Sign up here. A little over a month since his death, the Recording Academy has released a new recording of John Prine's “Angel From Montgomery." The proceeds of the late singer's song will support the MusiCares COVID-19 Relief Fund. Prine, one of the most influential artists in folk and country music, died in April from complications associated with the coronavirus. CELEBRITIES WHO HAVE DIED FROM CORONAVIRUS In a tweet on Friday, the official Twitter account for the Recording Academy wrote: "We tragically lost music legend @JohnPrineMusic to COVID-19 complications. We can honor his legacy by helping the music community through this pandemic. Donate to @MusiCares #COVID19 Relief Fund to help creators get the assistance they need #MusiCaresForUs." The new recording features artists, musicians and engineers who also are elected leaders in the Recording Academy, including singer-songwriter Christine Albert, Brandon Bush of Sugarland, John Driskell Hopkins of Zac Brown Band and Jeff Powell, an acclaimed Memphis engineer/producer. AMBER-LEE FRIIS, MISS UNIVERSE NEW ZEALAND FINALIST, DEAD AT 23 Tammy Hurt, vice chair of the Recording Academy and one of the contributors on the recording, said in a statement that Prine -- a two-time Grammy winner -- was known for his giving spirit and the new “Angel From Montgomery” recording is a tribute to honor that spirit. On Thursday, it was announced that Prine's family and record label, Oh Boy Records, will present an online tribute titled, "Picture Show: A Tribute Celebrating John Prine" on June 11. CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP According to the Tennessean, the celebration plans to "feature family and friends sharing memories and songs while raising money for several charitable organizations," which includes the National Alliance on Mental Illness and Alive. The Associated Press contributed to this report
75532427|https://www.foxnews.com/media/kellyanne-conway-trump-house-of-worship-essential|20200525_004106 - 1 day ago|Conway says Trump's decree that houses of worship are essential is 'correcting an injustice'|Get all the latest news on coronavirus and more delivered daily to your inbox. Sign up here. Counselor to the president Kellyanne Conway told "The Story" Friday that President Trump's declaration that houses of worship are "essential" during the coronavirus pandemic was an effort to fix an issue in states where such facilities have been shuttered for weeks. "He [Trump] said he was correcting an injustice, that is an important phrase, because we haven't been treating every institution the same," she said. "And those protected activities [like] the right to worship deserves heightened scrutiny." Conway pointed out that residents of some states are allowed to a convenience store to purchase their "Doritos and Cheetos" but cannot attend religious services. Earlier Friday, Trump called on governors to allow houses of worship to open “right now”. BIDEN SAID 'YOU AIN'T BLACK' IF TORN BETWEEN HIM AND TRUMP "The governors need to do the right thing and allow these very important essential places of faith to open ... for this weekend," the president said. "If they don't do it, I will override the governors." "In America, we need more prayer not less," Trump added. In Conway's home state of New Jersey, several pastors have threatened legal action if Gov. Philip Murphy, a Democrat, doesn't allow their congregations to open. Conway clarified on "The Story" that no one at the White House or Centers for Disease Control and Prevention is calling for people to hug or use the same hymnal or prayer book or Communion vessel, but noted that the CDC itself has said that faith is essential to Americans. CLICK HERE FOR COMPLETE CORONAVIRUS COVERAGE "Pre-pandemic, we had in this country 120,000 deaths a year from drug overdoses and suicides, and many experts predicted that could be exacerbated and get worse because people are not availing themselves of socialization," she said. "Look what we're doing to so many of our kids, they don't have the academic or social structure -- there have been increases in child abuse, spousal abuse, drug abuse, mental health problems in some places, because of the isolation, fear, and the lack of just being around other people."
72341751|https://www.foxnews.com/politics/ex-detroit-mayorpkilpatrick-set-to-be-released-from-prison-due-to-pandemic|20200525_004114 - 1 day ago|Ex-Detroit Mayor Kilpatrick set to be released from prison due to pandemic, lawmaker says|Disgraced former Detroit Mayor Kwame Kilpatrick will be granted early release from a federal prison where he is serving a 28-year sentence for corruption and currently in quarantine due to the coronavirus, according to a Michigan state lawmaker. State Rep. Karen Whitsett, a Detroit Democrat, told WJB-TV that she was notified by President Trump of Kilpatrick's impending release during his Thursday visit to Michigan. "He said that he was being released," Whitsett said. "I'm elated for him ... An out is an out ... He's done his time. And I think, 'My God, when is long enough long enough.'" EX-BALTIMORE MAYOR CATHERINE PUGH SENTENCED FOR BOOK SALES SCHEME The former mayor is currently being quarantined for COVID-19 in the low-security Oakdale, La., prison. He will be among 3,000 inmates granted release due to the spread of the coronavirus within the federal prison system. Kilpatrick, 49, served as Detroit's mayor from 2002 to 2008. He was convicted in 2013 on charges of racketeering conspiracy, fraud, extortion and tax crimes related to shaking down contractors and rewarding his allies. The government called the scheme the “Kilpatrick enterprise." The former mayor's downfall began when the Detroit Free Press published text messages between him and his female chief of staff that appeared to show he lied during a police whistleblower trial while denying an affair between the pair. In a February letter to Tump, the Ebony Foundation, a nonprofit dedicated to combating mass incarceration, argued that Kilpatrick's lengthy sentence was not appropriate for his crimes. "Kwame Kilpatrick made grave errors in judgment as Mayor," read the letter, which was signed by several African-American leaders. "However, when looking at his sentence in comparison to other public officials in public corruption cases who were convicted and sentenced around the same time, you see the unfairness of Mr. Kilpatrick's sentence." CLICK HERE FOR THE FOX NEWS APP The group cited the 14-year sentence handed down to disgraced Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich, whose sentence was commuted by Trump this year. In a statement, state Rep. Sherry Gay-Dagnogo said the issue "is much larger than one man or conviction" but rather to "ensure greater access to justice and victory to all who have been impacted by our judicial system – especially those communities that often bare the weight disproportionately."
69999947|https://www.foxnews.com/media/azar-coronavirus-testing-capabilities-we-have-capacity|20200525_004122 - 1 day ago|HHS Secretary Azar tries to ease testing worries: 'We have the testing capacity to get the job done'|Health and Human Services Secretary Alex Azar told "Bill Hemmer Reports" Friday that worries about coronavirus testing capacity expressed in a new Fox News Poll are "not based on the actual realities." "We've done over 12 million tests in this country, which is unprecedented. We'll do 12 million more just in the coming weeks," Azar told host Trace Gallagher from a testing site in Florida. "We have the testing capacity to get the job done through testing sites like this. We're able to make it more convenient for people and accessible." FOX NEWS POLL: LACK OF CONTACT IS BIGGEST PERSONAL HARDSHIP OF THE PANDEMIC According to the latest Fox News poll, more than 6 in 10 voters say the lack of available testing for COVID-19 is a major problem Azar also defended the administration's response, telling Gallagher the White House has "a six-part multifactor plan for how we deal with this. "First, surveilance. Second, testing. Third, we contain outbreaks. Fourth, we have health care system resilience with capacity and supplies," Azar said. "Fifth, we develop therapeutics to treat people. And then six, we bring vaccines to market under the president's operation warp speed plan." Azar then turned to a Washington Post op-ed he wrote in which he discussed reopening the economy, saying the lockdown is also having a negative effect on Americans. CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP "By being locked in and shut away, we're denying ourselves critical health care services and we end the economic and social dislocation from being shut down is leading to mental illness and suicide risk," he said. "So we've got hundreds of thousands of cancer cases that are not being screened and diagnosed and treated. We have kids who are not getting their pediatric vaccinations. We've got cardiac procedures that are not happening. "So this country's got to get back to work. We've got to get back to school," he went on. "We've got to get back to living. And there are safe ways to do it thanks to President Trump's response and our governor's leadership."
6554969|https://www.foxnews.com/opinion/trump-churches-houses-of-worship-essential-samuel-rodriguez|20200525_004132 - 1 day ago|Rev. Samuel Rodriguez: Trump's right: churches, other houses of worship are essential to America|Get all the latest news on coronavirus and more delivered daily to your inbox. Sign up here. In calling on governors Friday to allow houses of worship to reopen starting this weekend, President Trump publicly recognized a fact that has been true since the founding of our nation: in America, houses of worship are essential. “In America we need more prayer, not less,” President Trump said in a brief appearance before reporters at the White House. "Some governors have deemed the liquor stores and abortion clinics as essential," the president said. "But have left out churches and other houses of worship. It's not right. So I'm correcting this injustice and calling houses of worship essential." TRUMP ANNOUNCES THAT HOUSES OF WORSHIP ARE ‘ESSENTIAL,’ CALLS ON GOVERNORS TO OPEN THEM UP I thank the president for working with the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention to add houses of worship to its list of essential institutions and for calling on state governors to allow them to open their doors. I hope governors do as the president asked and understand that people of faith do not meet at churches and other religious centers to simply fill a building. We do so because it’s an integral part of what our faith teaches about how we should live. For example, as a Christian, I believe Jesus’ words: “For where two or three gather in my name, there am I with them.” (Matthew 18:20 NIV) Thanks to technology, places of worship have been able to find creative ways to meet virtually during the COVID-19 pandemic. Many gather via Zoom or stream their services on YouTube and social media platforms. Some congregations – including the church I pastor in northern California – are even organizing drive-in services so people can worship in their cars. But the time has come to begin reopening our places of worship. As a resident of California, I commend Gov. Gavin Newsom and our state and local elected officials for their efforts to keep Californians safe. But as these leaders begin rolling out plans to reopen our states, I want to respectfully encourage and assure them that restrictions on places of worship can be lifted safely. Our churches and other religious centers can resume operations following a plan like the one our organization, the National Hispanic Christian Leadership Conference, created that calls for four phases of reopening for houses of worship: Phase 1 – First two weeks Return to holding services, with churches and other places of worship limited to 25 percent of their seating capacity. This will allow for the maintenance of social distancing, increased sanitizing methods and controlled screening to prevent transmission. Houses of worship should also take advantage of drive-in services if their locations allow for it. People can remain in their vehicles with their windows closed and listen to the message via the radio. Online services can and should continue. Phase 2 – Third and fourth weeks Return to filling houses of worship at 50 percent capacity, with continued social distancing, face coverings and sanitization. Drive-in and online services can and should continue. Phase 3 – Fifth and sixth weeks During the fifth and sixth weeks of reopening – or whenever the amount of new COVID-19 cases in the state has plateaued or decreased and reliable therapeutic and treatment options for the coronavirus exist – religious facilities can operate at 75 percent capacity. Services can continue to be broadcast via television or radio or streamed online for those who are homebound or at greater risk of catching the virus. This phase may last several weeks or months. Phase 4 – Date undetermined Once the CDC no longer deems COVID-19 a public health threat and there are effective treatments and/or a vaccine available, religious facilities will resume normal operations at 100 percent capacity. Of course, each church and other religious center will need to formulate its own plan depending on where they are located, in order to meet their community’s specific needs and concerns. But adopting a cautious, phased and flexible plan should help places of worship resume services in a responsible and ethical manner. I am so grateful I live in a nation where people are allowed to freely exercise their faith or lack thereof. Our Bill of Rights was created expressly to protect that freedom, among many others. CLICK HERE TO GET THE OPINION NEWSLETTER Gathering with others for a religious or spiritual service during a time of crisis brings comfort to many and strengthens not only individuals, but whole communities as those individuals go out to encourage and minister to others. Religious services are going to look very different in the coming days, weeks, months and even years. As I have preached to my congregation before: we are not returning to normal, we are experiencing a complete reset to the most basic way of living out our faith. CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP The faith communities in this country have the unique opportunity to set the tone for reopening our nation. There should be no contradiction between honoring the authorities who have been placed over us and holding fast to the tenets of our faith by taking a safe and measured approach to meeting together. Our faith should make us better citizens who are a blessing to our communities and the nation where we live. CLICK HERE TO READ MORE BY REV. SAMUEL RODRIGUEZ
91633024|https://www.foxnews.com/media/catholic-priest-churches-have-been-prepared-active-fighting-covid-risks|20200525_004143 - 1 day ago|Rev. Robert Sirico says latest COVID-19 recommendations for houses of worship already in place|The Rev. Robert Sirico, president of the Acton Institute for the Study of Religion and Liberty, told "Your World" Friday that churches have been prepared to combat coronavirus and have been planning how to mitigate the risks as parishioners slowly begin returning to the pews. "[There] are two levels of authority," Sirico, a pastor at Sacred Heart Parish in Grand Rapids, Mich., explained to host Neil Cavuto. "The first and most serious for me is my bishop. Our bishop has said we will open next week [while] the bishops of Minnesota have defied their governor and are opening the churches, as far as I understand, this weekend," he said. TRUMP ANNOUNCES HOUSES OF WORSHIP 'ESSENTIAL' Sirico said that even prior to Friday's release by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) of guidelines for religious institutions, churches were taking actions to safeguard their buildings and parishioners. Sirico said churches in his area will be instituting "special risk masses" for those in categories susceptible to COVID-19. They will also suspend the use of hymnals and take other protective precautions when it comes to celebrating the Eucharist. CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP "All those kinds of things that are being recommended are already in place," he said. "I mean, it's not as if our churches are not social organizations who have their own set of concerns and knowledge of what's going on. "Not that I've ever been in a tattoo parlor, but I have a suspicion that what goes on in my church is a lot less intimate than [in] a tattoo parlor."
48282759|https://www.foxnews.com/media/cnn-downplays-biden-controversy|20200525_004152 - 1 day ago|CNN downplays Biden's 'you ain't black' comments, avoids on-air coverage throughout the day|CNN, which often dedicates wall-to-wall coverage for any latest controversy from President Trump, virtually avoided covering Joe Biden's "you ain't black" remarks Friday morning that sparked backlash throughout the day. The presumptive Democrat nominee sparked a firestorm on Friday during an interview with Charlamagne tha God on the radio show "The Breakfast Club" as he defended his record with the black community. “I tell you if you have a problem figuring out whether you’re for me or Trump, then you ain’t black,” Biden said. Later in the afternoon, Biden walked back those remarks during a conversation with black business leaders, stopping short of a full apology. CNN'S OBSESSION WITH PRESIDENT TRUMP'S MASK AVERSION, IGNORES 'MORE IMPORTANT THINGS': INSIDER "I've never ever taken the African-American community for granted, had their support ... I shouldn't have been such a wise guy. I shouldn't have been so cavalier," Biden later said. "I don't take it for granted at all, and no one, no one should have to vote for any party, based on their race or religion or background." Still, Biden's remarks dominated the conversation on social media with the hashtags #YouAintBlack and #JoeBidenIsARacist trending on Twitter. Fox News and MSNBC covered the dust-up throughout the day. ABC News, CBS News and NBC News all addressed the controversy on their evening programs. However, CNN's lack of coverage throughout the day was called out by critics. BET CO-FOUNDER BLASTS BIDEN OVER COMMENTS ON BLACK VOTERS: 'ARROGANT AND OUT-OF-TOUCH ATTITUDE' "Fascinating to watch how the left-leaning cable networks have covered Biden’s 'you ain’t black' comment. MSNBC has discussed it nearly every hour... CNN hasn’t mentioned it once," former CNN digital producer-turned-media critic Steve Krakauer tweeted. George Washington University law professor Jonathan Turley pointed out the "crickets" coming from CNN. In the afternoon, Republican National Committee (RNC) Chairwoman Ronna McDaniel called out the network for going hours without mentioning the controversy. EX-SANDERS CAMPAIGN CO-CHAIR NINA TURNER RIPS BIDEN: SAYING YOU 'OWN' THE BLACK VOTE IS 'THE HIGHEST INSULT' "It’s been over 5 HOURS since Biden told Black people they 'ain’t black' if they support @realDonaldTrump. How many times has CNN mentioned his bigoted comment on air? ZERO. Unreal," McDaniel tweeted. She later slammed the anti-Trump network for waiting until "12 hours" to mention Biden's "bigoted remarks," tweeting, "We all know that if a Republican made a similar comment, CNN would have reworked their entire day of programming to feature 9-person panels condemning it. The bias is unbelievable." "When you take into account how both MSNBC covered this repeatedly and Biden decided to issue a mea culpa, you're left with no conceivable excuse for CNN other than they did so on purpose," NewsBusters managing editor Curtis Houck told Fox News. "Instead, they decided that trashing the administration for allowing houses of worship to reopen and gleefully touting negative hydroxychloroquine headlines were jobs one and two." Houck continued: "CNN has their insane way of going about their newsgathering, presentation and selection, but ignoring a story like this for hours and hours reminds us that their demands that other news organizations act like they do should not only be dismissed but laughed out of the room." JEMELE HILL SAYS BIDEN'S 'YOU AIN'T BLACK' REMARK ABOUT UNDECIDED VOTERS IS 'ACCURATE' CNN didn't offer a full on-air report of Biden's remarks until the end of the 7 p.m. ET hour, when anchor Erin Burnett spoke with Charlamagne tha God about the interview, making it the last major news network to report on Biden's comments. It had articles published on the website earlier in the day. Instead, the network spent much of the day offering critical coverage of the Trump administration's handling of the coronavirus outbreak. Jordan Chariton, co-founder of the progressive media outlet Status Coup, said CNN's lack of coverage of the controversy is because the network "has been in the tank for Biden for over a year." "They dragged their feet on many stories related to him including him lying on being arrested in apartheid South Africa on his way to meeting Nelson Mandela," Chariton told Fox News. "Outlets like CNN are protectors of the status quo and as such, they will always try and cover up bad stories for candidates like Biden rather than cover and challenge him." This isn't the first time CNN's on-air coverage has raised eyebrows. On Thursday, CNN bizarrely spent over 100 minutes covering President Trump's refusal to wear a mask at the Ford plant. Meanwhile, the network spent just 15 minutes combined from Monday through Thursday covering the growing nursing-home controversy plaguing Democrat New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo. CNN'S CHRIS CUOMO DOES PROP COMEDY WITH NY GOV. ANDREW CUOMO, FAILS TO ASK ABOUT NURSING-HOME CONTROVERSY A CNN insider told Fox News that while Trump should have worn the mask, the network is putting an undue emphasis on "what's not important." "I don't know why they focus on things like this when there are certainly more important things to focus on," the network source said. The insider knocked CNN, suggesting that if Trump found the cure for the coronavirus without wearing a mask, him not wearing the mask would become "the story" on the network. Cuomo has largely gotten a pass from CNN, as the network has largely refrained from airing critical coverage of the Democrat governor. On Wednesday, he appeared for his 10th interview with his brother, "Cuomo Prime Time" anchor Chris Cuomo. As in previous interviews, the CNN anchor made no mention of the growing death toll in New York nursing homes. Yet, he did manage to squeeze in some prop comedy, mocking the governor's televised coronavirus test examination with overly-sized cotton swabs while poking fun at the size of his nose. CNN'S JAKE TAPPER CALLED OUT FOR HYPOCRISY AFTER SCOLDING TRUMP FOR LAUNCHING 'SMEAR CAMPAIGN AGAINST RIVALS' "CNN's coverage of Andrew Cuomo has been consistent with much of the media: focus on the glowing verbiage and ignore the catastrophic mishandling of nursing homes that led to thousands of deaths,” Cornell Law School professor and media critic William A. Jacobson told Fox News. “This problem is compounded by a serious conflict of interest arising from the relationship between Chris Cuomo, one of CNN's highest-profile news personalities, and his brother the governor,” Jacobson added. “Chris Cuomo should not be allowed to cover or comment on air about his brother, and CNN should appoint someone to monitor and review coverage of Andrew Cuomo to prevent this conflict of interest from bleeding over to other news coverage.” Fox News senior meteorologist Janice Dean told "Tucker Carlson Tonight" Thursday that Cuomo's failed nursing-home policy should be "one of the biggest" stories of the year after both of her parents-in-law lost their lives to the coronavirus. "I have not seen the coverage of this," an emotional Dean said. "Twenty percent of our lost loved ones are from nursing homes ... because Governor Cuomo and several other governors forced COVID-recovering patients into nursing homes." CLICK HERE FOR COMPLETE CORONAVIRUS COVERAGE Dean, who rarely comments on political issues, felt compelled to speak out after watching Wednesday night's CNN interview between the two playful Cuomo brothers. "The fact that I am seeing, last night, him ... making fun, inappropriate jokes and insensitive jokes, cruel jokes ... make no mistake," Dean said, "I am glad that Chris Cuomo has recovered from COVID because he apparently did have it. And I'm glad that their family is well, but my family is not well. And that is not something to joke about." Fox News' Brian Flood, Yael Haron, Paul Steinhauser, Madeleine Rivera and Allie Raffa contributed to this report.
41324936|https://www.foxnews.com/sports/knicks-legend-patrick-ewing-test-positive-for-coronavirus|20200525_004159 - 1 day ago|New York Knicks legend Patrick Ewing tests positive for coronavirus|Get all the latest news on coronavirus and more delivered daily to your inbox. Sign up here. On Friday, New York Knicks legend and Georgetown head basketball coach Patrick Ewing announced he's been diagnosed with the novel coronavirus and urged the public to take the threat of COVID-19 seriously. Ewing, 57, also included a statement from Georgetown about his medical status and that of the men's basketball team. "I want to share that I have tested positive for COVID-19. This virus is serious and should not be taken lightly," the NBA Hall of Famer tweeted. "I want to encourage everyone to stay safe and take care of yourselves and your loved ones." SACRAMENTO COUNTY REVERSES DECISION TO OPEN FITNESS STUDIOS AFTER STATE PRESSURE "Georgetown University's Men's Basketball Coach Patrick Ewing has tested positive the COVID-19 virus," the statement began. "Ewing has elected to share his diagnosis publicity to emphasize that this virus can affect anyone." "Ewing is under care of isolated at a local hospital," the message continued. "He is the only member of the Georgetown men's basketball program to have tested positive for the virus." CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP As of Friday evening, there were nearly 1.6 million confirmed cases of coronavirus in the U.S. and over 95,800 deaths, according to Johns Hopkins University.
44176496|https://www.foxnews.com/us/san-francisco-opens-first-sanctioned-tent-camp-for-homeless|20200525_004207 - 1 day ago|San Francisco opens 1st sanctioned tent camp for homeless|Get all the latest news on coronavirus and more delivered daily to your inbox. Sign up here. San Francisco has opened a “Safe Sleeping Village” as a tent encampment for the homeless during the coronavirus pandemic. Close to 80 tents have moved into the encampment placed outside of City Hall. The initiative was approved by San Francisco Mayor London Breed, who last week said that the city did “not have many other options” when it came to finding a solution for the homelessness problem during the pandemic. “During normal times, two of the main ways we help people out of homelessness are shelter placements and homeward bound, where we connect people with a relative or friend willing to take them in,” said the mayor in a tweet. “Because of COVID-19, both of these have been severely limited, tying our hands.” SAN FRANCISCO NEIGHBORHOOD SUES OVER 300 PERCENT JUMP OF HOMELESS SIDEWALK TENTS DURING CORONAVIRUS OUTBREAK Unsanctioned homeless encampments were being set up around the city due to the closures and limitations set in place by shelters. According to the city’s mayor, the shelters cut their capacity by 76 percent and new people have not been allowed in during this time, in order to ensure safe social distancing practices. The Safe Sleeping Village will be monitored by security officials at all times. Food, water, showers and trash pickup are also being provided in addition to the toilets the mayor’s office had already distributed throughout the city. A second Sleeping Village is already in the works, Breed announced last week. EX-SAN FRANCISCO SUPERVISOR RIPS 'IMMORAL' HANDOUTS OF DRUGS TO HOMELESS: 'SHOULD BE FEEDING THEIR STOMACHS' The encampments are supposed to help homeless practice social distancing and more sanitary measures. San Francisco has also moved 1,300 homeless into hotels during the pandemic, but critics say that more need to be moved in to reduce overcrowding in tent encampments. The city has more than 8,000 homeless however, and the mayor is reportedly reluctant to move them all in to hotels. Historically, San Francisco exercises a no-tent-city policy, requiring police to move tent-dwellers along. CLICK HERE FOR THE FOX NEWS APP But the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention has recommended that officials leave tent encampments at this time, unless there are options for housings, hotels or other city mandated solutions, such as the Safe Sleeping Village. The Associated Press contributed to this report.
91152957|https://www.foxnews.com/politics/whitmer-signs-executive-order-extending-michigan-safer-at-home-order-june-12|20200525_004215 - 1 day ago|Whitmer extends Michigan's stay-at-home order until June 12|Get all the latest news on coronavirus and more delivered daily to your inbox. Sign up here. Michigan Gov. Gretchen Whitmer extended her stay-at-home order Friday to June 12, her fifth extension of a mandate that has put her at odds with Republican lawmakers and has been the subject of mounting criticism and anti-lockdown protests. The order, called "Safer at Home," will extend temporary business closures and movement restrictions in an effort to combat the coronavirus pandemic. Whitmer also extended her state of emergency through June 19, WJBK-TV reported. In a statement, she said that while COVID-19 cases and deaths are declining, "we are not out of the woods yet." "If we’re going to lower the chance of a second wave and continue to protect our neighbors and loved ones from the spread of this virus, we must continue to do our part by staying safer at home,” the Democrat Governor said. MICHIGAN BARBERS, HAIRDRESSERS GIVE FREE HAIRCUTS AT CAPITOL IN DEFIANCE OF WHITMER'S LOCKDOWN “If we open too soon, thousands more could die and our hospitals will get overwhelmed," she said. "While we ﬁnally have more protective equipment like masks, we can’t run the risk of running low again. We owe it to the real heroes on the front lines of this crisis -- our first responders, health care workers and critical workers putting their lives on the line every day -- to do what we can ourselves to stop the spread of the virus.” The move comes a day after a court ruled Whitmer has the authority to keep Michigan under a state of emergency without approval from lawmakers. Republican lawmakers had legally challenged the order. In recent days, she has relaxed the stay-at-home order -- in place since March -- to allow for social gatherings of 10 people or less and allowing retail businesses to reopen for appointment-only shopping. On Friday, businesses in the Upper Peninsula and other parts of the state were allowed to operate in a limited capacity, the news station reported. The mandate comes at a time when many states have begun to reopen their economies. Some have eased their orders or lifted them entirely. In a tweet, Michigan Republican Party Chair Laura Cox criticized the timing of the extension. CLICK HERE FOR THE FOX NEWS APP "Not only is Gretchen Whitmer going around the state Legislature with her stay-at-home orders, but now she is sneaking around the people of Michigan by announcing an extension to her stay at home order after regular business hours on a holiday weekend," Cox tweeted. "The only thing she is trying to keep safe is her political career." As of Friday, Michigan reported nearly 54,000 COVID-19 cases, including 5,518 deaths, according to the state Department of Health and Human Services.
57126815|https://www.foxnews.com/us/boston-commons-memorial-day-tradition-lives-on-despite-coronavirus|20200525_004222 - 1 day ago|Boston's Memorial Day flag garden tradition lives on despite pandemic|BOSTON – Every Memorial Day weekend, a sea of red, white, and blue covers Boston Common. More than 37,000 American flags gently sway in the breeze to honor those who gave everything for this country. But not this year, because of the coronavirus pandemic. "All those flags waving in the breeze, it's just -- it's a tear-jerker,” said Paul Monti, who lost his son in Afghanistan in 2006. "It's quite devastating that we're not able to do it.” HOSPITAL WORKER HELPS PLANT 500 AMERICAN FLAGS AFTER CORONAVIRUS FORCES CANCELLATION OF ANNUAL DISPLAY Monti's son, Army Sgt. 1st Class Jared Monti, was killed by a Taliban rocket-propelled grenade when he tried to save a wounded fellow soldier. In 2009, President Barack Obama awarded him a posthumous Medal of Honor. “It was his care for others that eventually cost him his life,” Paul Monti said of his late son. The proud father was crushed when he found out that he couldn't help plant the flags on the Common this year. Nor could he do so at the Massachusetts National Cemetery, where Jared is buried. "This would have been our tenth year doing it and we were really looking forward to it," Monti said. Diane Nealon, executive director of the Massachusetts Military Heroes Fund, the organizer of the flag garden, said the decision to call it off this year because of coronavirus was tough. "Asking hundreds of volunteers to come down to Boston Common and plant 37,000-plus flags was a difficult thing for us to get our head around," Nealon said, adding that as many as 500 people help plant the sea of flags at one time. "We thought that it would be making some folks unsafe." MICHIGAN TEACHER LEADS NEIGHBORHOOD KIDS IN PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE AMID CORONAVIRUS CLOSURES So, she had to come up with another way to honor those who sacrificed everything for this country. "We're just moving that tribute from Boston Common to individual cities, towns and neighborhoods," Nealon said. This year, instead of making the display in the center of downtown Boston, she's calling on Americans to create patriotic displays of their own in their front yard. She's hoping that if people post them online, with the hashtag #HeroesFlagGarden, the collective display can be bigger than ever before – virtually. For those who can't get out to buy flags – or don't have front yards – the Massachusetts Military Heroes Fund created a downloadable flag that can be posted in a window. Monti has dozens on American flags on display in his front yard – but he emphasized that they're not just to remember his son. "The flags aren't just for Jared, they're for everyone that's ever served the country and especially for those that have lost their lives," Monti said. He said even in the time of COVID-19, you can still find ways to pay your respects this Memorial Day. CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP "Fly a flag in front of your house, show your pride in America," Monti said. "You see a soldier, you can't shake his hand, I guess, but you can at least say thank you for your service." The Montis' father-son bond was the inspiration for the country song "I Drive Your Truck" by Lee Brice. In the 14 years since his son's death, Paul Monti has started a scholarship in Jared's honor, in addition to his volunteer and advocacy work on behalf of veterans and fallen soldiers.
55671278|https://www.foxnews.com/us/coronavirus-pandemic-prevents-veterans-from-receiving-final-military-funeral-honors|20200525_004231 - 1 day ago|Coronavirus pandemic prevents veterans from receiving final military funeral honors|BUSHNELL, Fla. -- Memorial Day weekend is a special time of year at Florida National Cemetery. Rows of American flags beautifully line the roadways, the spring sun glistens off the faces of the headstones, and the soft sound of bells tolling can be heard echoing throughout the grounds. But for Michael Chance, this Memorial Day weekend is very different. It’s the first without his father, Owin. “He was my rock,” Chance told Fox News. “If I ever needed something he was the one person I could turn to. What more can you say? He was my dad…he was my hero.” And a hero to many more. For over 20 years, Owin Chance served in the United States Navy. He retired a Chief Warrant Officer and remained a patriot throughout his life. MEET THE VETERANS WHO LEFT THE MILITARY BUT NOT THE BATTLEFIELD: DAVE EUBANK AND THE FREE BURMA RANGERS Chance says that his father was very proud of his time in the military, and planned to be interred at Florida National Cemetery upon his death. There, he would receive his final military honors through the traditional ceremony. “He knew everything that was going to happen. He knew he was going to be interred there, he knew the ritual that would normally take place for a retired serviceman,” said Chance, adding that his father had effectively planned out his whole funeral. On May 4th, Owin Chance passed away. Days later, he was interred at Florida National Cemetery. But, because of the coronavirus pandemic, there was no presentation of the flag. There was no playing of "Taps." And there were no final honors given. This consequence of the pandemic is playing out at National Cemeteries across the country. On March 23, the Department of Veterans Affairs National Cemetery Administration (NCA), “temporarily discontinued committal services,” according to the NCA’s website. As of April 15, families that wish to view their loved ones being interred must watch from their cars. Gerard Lyons, assistant director at Florida National Cemetery, says his heart breaks for the families, but his whole team must follow CDC guidelines for the time being. “That is to protect our veterans and their families,” Lyons told Fox News. “Right now, we are only doing direct interments.” Lyons, an Army veteran himself, says he wants every veteran to receive the service, and makes clear that all families who still wish for a ceremony will be given one retroactively. “We are completely dedicated to honoring your loved one's service,” said Lyons. “When we come out on the other side, we will ensure that every veteran gets their earned burial and honors benefits.” As of May 22, 306 veterans have been interred at Florida National Cemetery without their final honors, according to Lyons. Typically, the cemetery will inter about 6,500 people a year, making it one of the nation’s busiest. Chance says that he understands the current situation, but his heart breaks for his father nonetheless. VA UNDERSECRETARY ADDRESSES MEMORIAL DAY BOY SCOUT FLAG CONTROVERSY “It’s really painful because he looked so forward to that,” said Chance. “All the years that he put in and we can’t even go honor him right? We can’t have a proper send-off? It’s not right.” “[My father] knew that [the ceremony] would be part of it. That’s what hurts worse than anything else, knowing that he should have gotten this honor and he didn’t.” Because of the pandemic, his father’s church service was limited to direct family members. Between his father’s time in the Navy, his work in business, and his role as a Deacon at his church, Chance says his father’s caring spirit was able to touch many individual lives. “If it wasn’t for this pandemic, there would have been hundreds of people there.” As National Cemeteries around the country work to schedule retroactive interment ceremonies for families, the National Cemetery Administration has started a digital “Roll of Honor” which, “provides an opportunity to remember those Veterans interred during this crisis and reflects interments in our cemeteries starting on April 13," according to the web page. “In these challenging times, we are seeking to remember and celebrate these Veterans with all Americans in this new online space,” the page adds. “We invite you to honor and remember the following Veterans for their service to this nation.” MASSACHUSETTS HOSPITAL WORKER HELPS PLANT 500 AMERICAN FLAGS AFTER CORONAVIRUS FORCES BOSTON TO CANCEL ANNUAL DISPLAY Although many Memorial Day events hosted by National Cemeteries have been canceled or moved online, the NCA clarifies that all 142 VA cemeteries will remain open for the holiday. Lyons says that thousands will typically attend their annual Memorial Day ceremony, which now plans to be digital. Regardless, he hopes that guests will visit the cemetery itself, despite the pandemic. “Visit on Memorial Day, place a flag on your loved one’s grave on Memorial Day, place flowers,” said Lyons. “Walk amongst the headstones, look at the history, and all the people who made the ultimate sacrifice.” Even still, Chance does not feel as though he has closure this Memorial Day. As the nation prepares to honor its heroes, he’ll spend the day thinking about his. “I’ll just remember my dad,” said Chance. “It will be a day to remember him even more, and what he did for this great nation.” Although the NCA has not yet announced when they will resume committal ceremonies, Chance says that he intends to return to Florida National Cemetery when they do and give his father a proper goodbye.
68790366|https://www.foxnews.com/media/tomi-lahren-newsom-illegal-immigrants-first-responders|20200525_004237 - 1 day ago|Tomi Lahren blasts California governor for giving aid to illegal immigrants, while threatening first responders|Get all the latest news on coronavirus and more delivered daily to your inbox. Sign up here. Fox Nation host Tomi Lahren didn't take kindly to California Gov. Gavin Newsom's suggestion that first responders will suffer if his state does not receive a federal government bailout, even as the Golden State gives unprecedented taxpayer-funded relief to illegal immigrants. "The state of California is a house of cards and this pandemic and the subsequent government prolonged shut down that came with it was just a gust of wind that toppled it," said Lahren on her Fox Nation show "Final Thoughts." NEW SUBSCRIPTIONS TO FOX NATION INCLUDE A DONATION TO 'FOLDS OF HONOR' TO SUPPORT MILITARY FAMILIES On May 14, Newsom announced that California may apparently be forced to cut state worker pay, amid severe shortfalls in the state budget exacerbated by the lockdown. Newsom called on President Donald Trump to take action. LEARN MORE ABOUT 'FOLDS OF HONOR' "The president of the United States with a stroke of a pen can provide support for Speaker Pelosi's new 'Heroes Act' and these cuts would be eliminated," he said in televised remarks. All the while, Lahren observed, California is still going ahead with a $75 million assistance program for illegal immigrants, who do not qualify to receive federal coronavirus relief. On May 17, Newsom doubled-down, suggesting that opponents of a bailout for the states are hypocrites. "When states large and small [are] facing unprecedented budgetary stress, it is incumbent upon the federal government to support the states through this difficult time," Newsom said on CNN. "I hope they’ll consider this next time they want to salute and celebrate our first responders. … Consider the fact that they will be the first ones laid off by cities and counties." "Governor Newsom has threatened to slash funding for state workers, including first responders, yet is still committed to using taxpayer dollars to fund illegals?" said Lahren. "Now it's the federal taxpayers' ethical obligation to save the state he and his Democratic friends have run into the ground? Really, Gavin?" she asked hypothetically. CHECK OUT THE NEW SHOWS ON FOX NATION FOR 'GRATEFUL NATION' MONTH Lahren said that she's not buying it. "I'm pretty dang sure Newsom would never actually cut worker pay and [anger] union bosses. No way," she continued. "That's who funds his political career, hence why we have trillions in unfunded liabilities in the state of California." "No," she concluded, "this is all an emotional ploy to pit President Trump and Republicans as the bad guys, the heartless ones who don't care about workers. "When ... it is abundantly clear Newsom and other governors just like him are using coronavirus and public health to cover for decades of mismanagement." To watch all of "Final Thoughts" go to Fox Nation and sign up today. NEW SUBSCRIPTIONS TO FOX NATION INCLUDE A DONATION TO 'FOLDS OF HONOR' TO SUPPORT MILITARY FAMILIES
41862712|https://www.foxnews.com/us/honoring-military-heroes-memorial-day-amid-coronavirus-outbreak|20200525_004245 - 1 day ago|Honoring military heroes this Memorial Day amid coronavirus outbreak|Get all the latest news on coronavirus and more delivered daily to your inbox. Sign up here. Memorial Day weekend is typically full of parades, flag ceremonies and other large group activities to honor fallen military heroes, but during the COVID-19 pandemic, the nation has had to find alternative ways to commemorate the sacrifices of those who have died while serving the country. While we may not be able to have traditional in-person gatherings this Memorial Day, which falls on Monday, May 25 this year, the Concerned Veterans for America Foundation (CVAF) is encouraging people to come together online. “What we’re asking folks to do in the context of this time, because we can’t get together this Memorial Day in the traditional venues, is to come together digitally, to honor the sacrifice of those fallen heroes by doing some small act of kindness in the community,” said John Byrnes, director of education at Concerned Veterans for America (CVA) and a veteran of both the U.S. Marines Corps and the U.S. Army. CVA is a charitable organization whose mission is to empower the military community with the tools to promote freedom at home and connect veterans in need with free-market solutions to help them live healthy lives. AMERICA TOGETHER: MORE STORIES OF THE AMERICAN SPIRIT This Memorial Day weekend, CVA is partnering with Stand Together Foundation, a philanthropic organization dedicated to supporting “community-based catalysts for social change helping impoverished people across the country,” according to its website. “We’re working with Stand Together to help with the acts of kindness aspect of their #GiveTogetherNow campaign,” Byrnes explained. By doing any act of kindness and posting it to a social media platform with the hashtag #GiveTogetherNow, Stand Together will donate $500 dollars to a family suffering financially due to the COVID-19 pandemic. “You can make a mask for someone, you can go to the store or deliver someone’s groceries for them,” said Dhani Jones, former NFL linebacker and Stand Together Live host. “A delivery gentleman took garbage cans and brought them all the way up the driveway for somebody. You can go to a hospital and sing to nurses and doctors. We’re saying you can give the world to someone even if you have just your voice.” IOWA SISTERS LAUNCH PHOTO 'PARADE' TO HONOR MILITARY VETERANS ON MEMORIAL DAY To date, Stand Together has raised more than $58 million dollars, helping more than 116,000 families and counting. One of Stand Together’s donors pledged $2.5 million dollars to specifically support each act of kindness. “The kindness piece was a special donor who wanted acts of kindness to unlock the money,” Jones said. “That could be 5,000 acts of kindness, which would distribute the full $2.5 million dollars, giving $500 dollars each to 5,000 families in need.” This Memorial Day weekend, Jones, Stand Together and the CVA are encouraging people to come together by directing their acts of kindness toward veterans and military families as a way to honor our nation’s fallen heroes. PENNSLYVANIA COUNTY’S VETERANS GRAVES TO GET FLAGS FOR MEMORIAL DAY AFTER CORONAVIRUS RULE WAVED Help Heal Veterans, a nonprofit focused on using arts and crafts as a healing tool for veterans, is offering another alternative way to remember those in uniform who made the ultimate sacrifice for Americans' freedom this Memorial Day weekend. “Saturday, we’re having Operation Craftathon,” said Joe McClain, retired Navy captain and CEO of Help Heal Veterans. This event will allow veterans, crafters or anyone interested to participate in a live, virtual craftathon to make face masks from scratch during COVID-19. “It’s a way to bring our vets together with makers and crafters in a digital and social experience,” McClain explained. “Right now, with folks isolated, the more contact you have the better for the healing process, especially for our vets who may be depressed or anxious.” CLICK HERE FOR COMPLETE CORONAVIRUS COVERAGE This weekend, in lieu of going to a parade or large gathering, McClain encourages people to participate in their event Saturday and to remember those who have passed on by reaching out to their communities. “I think it’s mostly just important to honor service members in whatever way you can and remember the folks who have given so much,” McClain said. “Maybe it's calling to say thank you to those that are still here, or helping them in some way, but for the most part, I think it’s taking a moment to reflect on what this holiday really means.” By simply checking in with or helping service members in the community, as McClain suggested, and also posting the act of kindness to social media with the hashtag #GiveTogetherNow, people can make a real impact this Memorial Day by simultaneously helping a family in need during this pandemic. “You can give kindness, especially this weekend,” Jones added. “But let’s celebrate kindness not just Memorial Day weekend, but for the rest of our lives.”
97465389|https://www.foxnews.com/politics/arizona-rep-irs-failure-issue-tax-refunds-stimulus-checks|20200525_004251 - 1 day ago|Arizona rep. condemns IRS over "inexcusable" failure to issue tax refunds, stimulus checks|Get all the latest news on coronavirus and more delivered daily to your inbox. Sign up here. Rep. Andy Briggs, R-Ariz., sent a letter to the IRS Friday, demanding to know why the federal agency failed to issue 2019 tax refunds and Economic Impact Payments authorized by Congress under the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (CARES Act) in March. “We are currently living in unprecedented times. There are now 40 million unemployed Americans,” said Biggs in his Friday letter. “My constituents do not have the luxury of waiting days for simple answers about the status of their filings, nor should they receive confusing or inconsistent guidance when they do finally receive responses.” Biggs pointed to the fact that over 10,000 IRS employees are required to work from home right now, which means people are unable to visit the Taxpayer Assistance Centers (TAC) to get direct answers regarding tax returns or to file paper tax returns. “Two months into the COVID crisis, the IRS still has not figured out a way to promptly return phone calls or finish processing paper refunds,” Biggs told Fox News. “Given the billions of dollars East Valley residents are forced to fork over to the IRS each year, these are inexcusable shortcomings.” “I demand to know how [IRS] Commissioner Rettig intends to improve taxpayer services in the coming days and weeks,” Biggs said to Fox News Friday. CORONAVIRUS MEANS EMPLOYERS CAN LET WORKERS MAKE CHANGES TO HEALTH INSURANCE PLANS, IRS SAYS Arizona has seen massive economic shutdowns due to the stay-at-home order issued March 31. The state’s Department of Health Services reports that Arizona has had over 15,600 coronavirus cases and nearly 800 deaths. But more than half of the state’s cases have been in Maricopa County, where Rep. Biggs’ district is located. CLICK HERE FOR THE FOX NEWS APP The Bureau of Labor statistics also reported Friday, that Arizona had over a 12 percent unemployment rate during the month of April. “For better or for worse, the IRS provides and essential service,” wrote Biggs. “If American citizens are asked to sacrifice some of their God-given liberty in the form of taxation, they should at least be granted the courtesy of prompt assistance.”
40401780|https://www.foxnews.com/us/sacramento-county-reverses-decision-open-fitness-studios-state-pressure|20200525_004258 - 1 day ago|Sacramento County reverses decision to open fitness studios after state pressure|Get all the latest news on coronavirus and more delivered daily to your inbox. Sign up here. Sacramento County has reversed its decision to reopen fitness studios and allow small social gatherings after California state officials weighed in to protest the move. The county was set to allow exercise facilities to reopen but did an about-face on Friday, according to the Los Angeles Times. “The Department of Health Services was willing to work with small fitness studios to reopen based on significant restrictions and requirements that ensured ample space between customers and staff and disinfecting shared equipment in order to protect public health,” Director of County Health Services Dr. Peter Beilenson said in a statement. “However, we have received feedback from the state Department of Public Health that no gyms or small fitness studios of any kind may reopen at this point, and we will respect and follow that guidance." CALIFORNIA GOV. NEWSOM ELTS MORE BUSINESSES REOPEN AMID CORONAVIRUS, AFTER REVEALING STAGGERING BUDGET DEFICIT Beilenson had told KCRA-TV on Thursday that the county was hoping to adopt strict sanitary measures and restrictions to allow for limited use of fitness studios. The county was also reportedly seeking permission from state officials to host gatherings of 10 people or less. Gov. Gavin Newsom's reopening plan is in the second of four phases and has not made allowances for gyms to reopen yet. Some counties have been approved for certain dine-in options and in-store shopping, while others have failed to meet the state's requirements. CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP As of Friday afternoon, there were more than 1.59 million confirmed cases of COVID-19 in the U.S. and over 95,500 deaths, according to Johns Hopkins University.
92291097|https://www.foxnews.com/politics/new-biden-ad-claims-trump-froze-when-coronavirus-hit|20200525_004304 - 1 day ago|New Biden ad claims Trump ‘froze like a deer in the headlights’ when coronavirus hit|Joe Biden’s presidential campaign on Friday launched a new digital spot that charges that President Trump was “unprepared” and “indecisive” as the coronavirus pandemic swept the globe. “When coronavirus came, Trump froze like a deer in the headlights,” the narrator in the ad says. NEW FOX NEWS POLL SAYS BIDEN MORE TRUSTED ON HANDLING THE CORONAVIRUS, BUT TRUMP WITH THE EDGE ON THE ECONOMY The spot claims that as “the warning signs became more ominous, the alarms flashed red, and there was our president unprepared, indecisive, frozen, paralyzed by his fear of offending the Chinese government and losing his precious trade deal, panicked at the thought of what a stock market collapse would mean to his reelection.” The former vice president's campaign says the ad will start running immediately on Facebook, Instagram and YouTube in the key general election battlegrounds of Arizona, Michigan, North Carolina, Pennsylvania and Wisconsin. But Biden aides wouldn’t say how much the campaign is spending to run the ads. The ads are the latest from the Biden campaign and allied super PACs that criticize the president for initially downplaying the severity of the coronavirus outbreak and for fumbling the federal response to the pandemic. THE LATEST FROM FOX NEWS ON THE 2020 PRESIDENTIAL CAMPAIGN The president, defending his record, has repeatedly pointed to his ban on non-U.S. citizens from flying from China to the U.S., which was implemented on Feb. 2. “I stopped people from China very early — very, very early — from coming into our country,” the president said on April 4. A week later, at a White House briefing on the coronavirus, Trump again praised his administration’s actions, declaring that “everything we did was right” as he slammed media reports that his administration had failed to adequately ramp up testing and production of medical supplies to those on the front lines fighting the outbreak. Over the past month the Trump reelection campaign and a top pro-Trump super PAC have launched TV ads accusing Biden of being soft on China – where the for decades.
25650361|https://www.foxnews.com/world/south-america-epicenter-coronavirus|20200525_004312 - 1 day ago|WHO: South America 'effectively' new epicenter for coronavirus|Get all the latest news on coronavirus and more delivered daily to your inbox. Sign up here. South America the new epicenter of the coronavirus pandemic, according to the World Health Organization. Last week, Brazil overtook Spain and Italy in total confirmed cases. A few days later, Brazil recorded over 20,000 new cases in a single day, with total confirmed cases surpassing 300,000 on Friday. Only the United States and Russia have counted more cases than Brazil has. CLICK HERE FOR COMPLETE CORONAVIRUS COVERAGE The rest of the continent has not fared much better, with Chile recording 4,276 new cases on Friday and Peru surpassing 100,000 cases earlier in the week. During an appearance on “Bill Hemmer Reports” Thursday, Dr. Marc Siegel suggested that U.S. officials should keep an eye on the spread of COVID-19 in South America. Now, WHO appears to agree with Dr. Seigel. "We've seen many South American countries with increasing numbers of cases and clearly there's a concern across many of those countries, but certainly the most affected is Brazil at this point,” Mike Ryan, executive director of WHO's emergencies program, said at a news briefing on Friday. "In a sense, South America has become a new epicenter for the disease.” BOLSONARO EFFECT? MORE BRAZILIANS SEEN DEFYING CORONAVIRUS RESTRICTIONS Brazil President Jair Bolsonaro has faced criticism for weeks after he has flat out refused to deal with the pandemic. British medical journal The Lancet published an editorial earlier this month in which it labeled Bolsonaro as “the biggest threat” to Brazil’s efforts to fight the pandemic. Brazil also recently approved a broad use of hydroxychloroquine, which President Donald Trump has touted and even claimed to be taking despite studies linking an increased risk of death in hospitalized patients taking the drug. WHO DATABASE ON HEALTH CARE ATTACKS OMITS CHINESE DOCTOR SUPPRESSION "The current clinical evidence does not support the widespread use of hydroxychloroquine for the treatment of COVID-19, not until the trials are completed and we have clearer results,” Ryan said. "In terms of attack rates, the highest attack rates are actually in Amazonas. About 490 persons infected per 100,000 population, which is quite a high attack rate.” CLICK HERE FOR THE FOX NEWS APP Brazil has a total of 310,087 cases, Peru has 108,769, Chile has 61,857, Ecuador has 35,828 and Colombia has 18,330. The rest of the continent is suffering in smaller numbers, but the rates of increase are not showing signs of flattening just yet.
72323515|https://www.foxnews.com/politics/cdc-releases-guidelines-reopening-houses-of-worship-heres-what-they-say|20200525_004320 - 1 day ago|CDC releases guidelines for reopening houses of worship: Here’s what they say|Get all the latest news on coronavirus and more delivered daily to your inbox. Sign up here. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) released guidelines Friday for the reopening of houses of worship after President Trump said he is deeming them “essential" after being closed under coronavirus lockdowns. "The governors need to do the right thing and allow these very important essential places of faith to open right now -- for this weekend," Trump said as he delivered a statement in the White House briefing room. "If they don't do it, I will override the governors." "In America, we need more prayer, not less," Trump added. The CDC acknowledged that "millions of Americans embrace worship as an essential part of life" but also warned that "gatherings present a risk for increasing the spread of COVID-19." Here’s what the guidelines say: Face coverings encouraged The CDC encourages face coverings for staff and congregants over the age of 2 and for those who do not have severe breathing issues for the duration of services. TRUMP ANNOUNCES THAT HOUSES OF WORSHIP ARE ESSENTIAL, CALLS ON GOVERNORS TO OPEN THEM UP Social distancing The CDC calls on houses of worship to eliminate lines if a 6-foot distance between congregants is hard to ensure and to hold services outside or in a large, well-ventilated area, if possible. It also calls for physical guides, such as tape on the floor, to ensure congregants stay 6 feet apart and a guide for “one-way routes” in hallways. It also calls for additional services in order to maintain a lower capacity at each. It calls for limiting the size of gatherings such as funerals, weddings, religious education classes and other events. It recommends clergy hold virtual visits instead of going to homes, except for compassionate care situations such as end of life. Minimize community sharing The CDC calls for “temporarily limiting” the sharing of frequently touched objects, such as prayer rugs, prayer books, hymnals, shared cups or other items. It urges sharing prayers, songs and texts via email or other technologies. It also recommends finding other methods to collect donations, such as a stationary box or electronic methods. Protections for those considered high-risk The CDC calls on houses of worship to provide extra protections for older adults and those with underlying conditions or to offer remote participation for these congregants. CLICK HERE FOR FULL CORONAVIRUS COVERAGE Cleaning and disinfecting procedures The CDC calls for frequently touched surfaces to be cleaned “at least daily” and shared objects to be cleaned in between uses. It also calls for proper ventilation systems and increasing the circulation of outdoor air as much as possible by opening windows and doors and using fans.
41281658|https://www.foxnews.com/politics/doj-intervenes-in-case-challenging-illinois-coronavirus-restrictions|20200525_004329 - 1 day ago|DOJ intervenes in case challenging Illinois coronavirus restrictions, says governor went too far|Get all the latest news on coronavirus and more delivered daily to your inbox. Sign up here. EXCLUSIVE: The Department of Justice on Friday intervened in an Illinois case that has the potential to invalidate the state’s stay-at-home order implemented by Democratic Gov. J.B. Pritzker -- while also writing to the mayor of Los Angeles to warn that a lengthy lockdown could be "arbitrary and unlawful.” The DOJ filed a statement of interest in support of a lawsuit by state lawmaker Rep. Darren Bailey, who has sought to challenge Pritzker’s stay-at-home restrictions -- challenging whether he can keep the restrictions in place longer than the 30 days allowed by state law. CLICK HERE FOR FULL CORONAVIRUS COVERAGE “In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, the Governor of Illinois has, over the past two months, sought to rely on authority under the Illinois Emergency Management Agency Act to impose sweeping limitations on nearly all aspects of life for citizens of Illinois, significantly impairing in some instances their ability to maintain their economic livelihoods,” the agency said in a statement. Continuing, the DOJ said: “According to the lawsuit, the Governor’s actions are not authorized by state law, as they extend beyond the 30-day time period imposed by the Illinois legislature for the Governor’s exercise of emergency powers granted under the Act.” Bailey last month won a lawsuit against the stay-at-home order, seeking to prevent the governor “from taking any action ... which orders Darren Bailey to stay at home, or at his place of residence, as well as limiting his ability to travel within the state..." DOJ INTERVENES IN MISSISSIPPI DRIVE-IN CHURCH CASE, SAYS CITY'S ACTIONS 'TARGET RELIGIOUS CONDUCT' The motion alleged that Pritzker's stay-at-home order is "in excess of the authority granted him" under Illinois law. While that order only applied to Bailey, he has since sought to have it apply to the state as a whole. The DOJ said that Pritzker, instead of responding to a motion for summary judgement, has sought to have the case removed to federal district court “The Governor of Illinois owes it to the people of Illinois to allow his state’s courts to adjudicate the question of whether Illinois law authorizes orders he issued to respond to COVID-19,” said Assistant Attorney General Eric Dreiband for the Civil Rights Division in a statement. “The United States Constitution and state constitutions established a system of divided and limited governmental power, and they did so to secure the blessings of liberty to all people in our country.“ “Under our system, all public officials, including governors, must comply with the law, especially during times of crisis. The Department of Justice remains committed to defending the rule of law and the American people at all times, especially during this difficult time as we deal with COVID-19 pandemic,” he said. “However well-intentioned they may be, the executive orders appear to reach far beyond the scope of the 30-day emergency authority granted to the Governor under Illinois law,” Steven Weinhoeft, U.S. Attorney for the Southern District of Illinois, said. IllINOIS BARS, RESTAURANTS CAN REOPEN A MONTH EARLIER WITH OUTDOOR SEATING, PRITZKER SAYS The governor has defended his orders, and has criticized Bailey for taking the legal action. "It’s insulting. It’s dangerous and people’s safety and health have now been put at risk,” Pritzker said, according to the Associated Press. “There may be people who contract coronavirus as a result of what Darren Bailey has done." The statement of interest marks the latest intervention by the DOJ in lawsuits against state coronavirus restrictions. In April, Attorney General William Barr announced an initiative directing officials to review coronavirus restrictions to ensure that civil liberties are not being violated. On Friday Assistant Attorney Eric Dreiband also wrote to Los Angeles Mayor Eric Garcetti and L.A. County’s health director, warning that a longer-term lockdown “may be arbitrary and unlawful.” Both Garcetti and Health Director Barbara Ferrer have suggested restrictions could be in place for months, with Ferrer saying that stay-at-home restrictions will be in place “for the next three months” unless a vaccine is discovered. LOS ANGELES RESIDENTS MUST WEAR MASKS OUTSIDE HOME, GARCETTI SAYS In the letter, the DOJ said that it “recognizes and appreciates the duty that you have to protect the health and safety of the residents of the Los Angeles area in the midst of a pandemic that is unprecedented in our lifetimes.” “Governmental authority, however, is not limitless, and must be exercised reasonably,” the letter says. “Even in times of emergency, when governments may impose reasonable and temporary restrictions, the Constitution and federal statutory law prohibit arbitrary, unreasonable actions,” it says. “Simply put, there is no pandemic exception to the U.S. Constitution and its Bill of Rights.” Last month the DOJ intervened in a Mississippi church’s lawsuit by saying in a court filing that it "strongly suggests that the city’s actions target religious conduct" after the church sued police for ticketing congregants during a drive-in service amid coronavirus. It sided with Temple Baptist Church in Greenville, Miss., after Greenville police officers began issuing $500 tickets to congregants who refused to leave a parking lot where the church was holding a drive-in service. CLICK HERE FOR THE FOX NEWS APP In the statement of interest, Attorney General William Barr said that the city “appears to have thereby singled churches out as the only essential service (as designated by the state of Mississippi) that may not operate despite following all CDC and state recommendations regarding social distancing." Meanwhile, President Trump on Friday threatened to “override” governors who refused to allow places of worship to open. Fox News’ Jake Gibson, Tyler Olson and The Associated Press contributed to this report.
85580198|https://www.foxnews.com/media/judge-napolitano-trump-has-no-authority-to-override-church-ban-but-has-other-recourse|20200525_004337 - 1 day ago|Judge Napolitano: Trump has no authority to override church bans, but can do this|Get all the latest news on coronavirus and more delivered daily to your inbox. Sign up here. Fox News senior judicial analyst Judge Andrew Napolitano said Friday that President Trump does not have the authority he says he does when it comes to overriding governors who will not allow churches or synagogues to reopen. However, Napolitano told "The Daily Briefing" that the governors' bans are "ill-advised" and that the president does have one major recourse should a state executive fail to listen to his orders. "In a word, no," he said of Trump's authority on the matter. "As ill-advised as these gubernatorial orders are -- as essential as is the right to worship, as fundamental as it is -- as absolutely protected by the First Amendment as it is, the president does not have any authority to override the governors," he said. TRUMP DECREES HOUSES OF WORSHIP 'ESSENTIAL', CALLS ON GOVERNORS TO OPEN THEM UP Instead, Napolitano said Trump can order Attorney General William Barr and the Justice Department to file federal lawsuits against states that infringe on the First Amendment rights of their citizens. Federal judges, thereby, are the ones with the legal power to override governors' orders. "The president on his own, no matter [how] well-intended he may be and I believe he’s well-intended here, is without authority to do that." Napolitano added that in his home state of New Jersey, he has been anxious for a similar lawsuit to be filed against Democratic Gov. Philip Murphy, who has to-date considered places of worship "non-essential," even as liquor stores and other facilities remain open. CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP In the early days of the Garden State lockdown, New Jersey authorities notably raided religious services in the city of Lakewood, home to a large Jewish population. The state government was lambasted for their actions at the time. "Here [in New Jersey], the doors are locked and you cannot go in for private prayer on your own, much less an organized prayer service or a Catholic Mass," Napolitano said. "Judges can interfere with governors when governors violate the state constitution or the federal constitution. But the president is without authority to exercise that interference on his own."
96906185|https://www.foxnews.com/media/kayleigh-mcenany-spars-with-press-on-church-reopenings-flynn-case|20200525_004344 - 1 day ago|Kayleigh McEnany spars with press on church reopenings, Flynn case|White House Press Secretary Kayleigh McEnany held a press conference on Friday following President Trump's announcement ordering governors to allow churches and other houses of worship to open in their states. White House reporters asked McEnany about the Trump administration's safety guidelines and the president's authority to order the reopening of churches, synagogues, and mosques as "essential." "What specific provision of federal law allows the president to override a governor's stance?" one reporter asked. "The president will strongly encourage every governor to allow their churches to reopen," McEnany responded, "and boy, it's interesting to be in a room that desperately wants to seem to see these churches and houses of worship stay closed." KAYLEIGH MCENANY SCOLDS MEDIA FOR LACK OF 'JOURNALISTIC CURIOSITY' IN FLYNN CASE Reuters White House correspondent Jeff Mason immediately rebuffed the press secretary. "Kayleigh, I object to that because I go to church, I'm dying to go back to church," Mason told McEnany. "The question that we're asking you and would have liked to have asked the president and Dr. Birx is ... is it safe? And if it's not safe, is the president trying to encourage that or does the president agree with Dr. Birx that people should wait?" "Jeff, it is safe to reopen your churches if you do so in accordance to the guidelines," McEnany answered. Mason later clarified to McEnany that he and his press colleagues "celebrate" the First Amendment right to freedom of religion but that the questions are not about whether President Trump is allowing Americans to "pray," which McEnany shot back that he's allowing people to "gather in their places of worship." KAYLEIGH MCENANY CALLS OUT CNN FOR HAVING GUESTS WHO PUSHED RUSSIA COLLUSION, FOLLOWING TRANSCRIPT REVELATIONS Tensions further escalated towards the end of the briefing when One America News Network reporter Chanel Rion asked McEnany if President Trump was considering "pardoning" former President Obama for what she called "illegal spying on U.S. citizens," which follows Attorney General William Barr's comments suggesting that neither Obama nor former Vice President Joe Biden will face criminal charges as part of the ongoing Durham investigation. McEnany told Rion that she had "not spoken" to the president regarding that question but quickly pivoted to the "series of questions" the press secretary previously laid out to journalists regarding the handling of the Flynn investigation. "I just wanted to follow up with you guys on that -- did anyone take it upon themselves to pose any questions about Michael Flynn and the unmasking to President Obama's spokesperson?" McEnany asked the White House reporters. The rest of the room remained silent. "Oh, not a single journalist has posed that question," McEnany reacted. KAYLEIGH MCENANY RIPS MEDIA FOR DOWNPLAYING CORONAVIRUS WHEN PRESSED ON HER PAST RHETORIC As ABC News White House correspondent Jonathan Karl attempted to interject on the premise of her assertion, the press secretary then proceeded with a slideshow presentation of questions she believes journalists should be asking. "No.1, why did the Obama administration use opposition research funded by a political organization and filled with foreign dirt to spy on members of the Trump campaign?" McEnany began, referring to the infamous Steele dossier. "No. 2, why was Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn unmasked not by the intel community entirely but Obama's chief of staff, by the former Vice President Joe Biden, by Susan Rice, by the treasury secretary? I mean, this is extraordinary. You know, if it were political appointees in a Trump administration, I can guarantee you I'd have questions in my inbox right now but apparently Obama's spokesperson does not." Susan Rice, Obama's national security adviser, did not appear on the unmasking list. However, Rice's declassified email to herself regarding an Oval Office meeting about the Flynn surveillance has raised eyebrows in Washington. CLICK HERE FOR COMPLETE CORONAVIRUS COVERAGE "Why was Flynn's identity leaked? In a criminal act, it is a criminal act to leak the identity of Michael Flynn to the press but it happened. Where are the questions to Obama's spokesperson?" McEnany asked. "Because my team would be running around this building should this have happened under the Trump administration." She continued, "Why did the DOJ's Sally Yates learn about the unmasking from President Obama? So much for going 'by the book' as Susan Rice said three times. Thou doth protest too much, Susan Rice. And finally, question No. 5, why did James Clapper, John Brennan, Samantha Power, and Susan Rice privately admit under oath that they had no evidence of collusion while saying the opposite publicly?" "It's a long weekend, you guys have three days to follow up on those questions," McEnany told reporters.
92623075|https://www.foxnews.com/us/minnesota-health-officials-graduation-ceremony-exposed-people-coronavirus|20200525_004351 - 1 day ago|Minnesota health officials say graduation ceremony exposed people to coronavirus|Get all the latest news on coronavirus and more delivered daily to your inbox. Sign up here. A graduation ceremony in Minnesota that took place in violation of state efforts to limit the spread of the coronavirus is possibly linked to a new cluster of COVID-19 cases, state health officials said. Someone who helped organize the event tested positive for the virus and came into contact with other workers, said Kris Ehresmann, director of the state Health Department's Infectious Disease Division. “This week we’ve seen an example of a positive case associated with the setup for a ceremony," Ehresmann said, according to KARE-TV. "An individual helping to set up was in close contact with several other staff members over the course of a few hours to prepare a stage where a graduation ceremony was to take place.” STUDENT SUES INDIANA UNIVERSITY FOR TUITION REIMBURSEMENT AS COVID FORCES SHIFT TO ONLINE COURSES The school, location and size of the ceremony were not disclosed. Ehresmann said the person who contracted the virus began experiencing symptoms after helping set up the stage but did not attend the ceremony. The person was exposed two other people, she said, the station reported. “And the ceremony did involve individuals walking up to receive the diploma," Ehresmann said. “Those two individuals did not yet know that they had been exposed, and so were not in quarantine. This is just another example of another risk for transmission to a much larger population if procedures are not followed.” Fox News' calls and messages to the state Department of Health were not returned. CLICK HERE FOR THE FOX NEWS APP Indoor and outdoor graduation ceremonies have been banned for several weeks because of Minnesota Gov. Tim Walz's stay-at-home order. Many schools have canceled the ceremonies and have chosen to get creative. Some are doing drive-thru ceremonies where graduates pick up their diplomas while in a vehicle. Others are doing virtual events with some high-profile names giving commencement speeches, including former President Barack Obama. Minnesota is slowly easing restrictions to reopen the state. However, large events are still prohibited. The Minnesota State Fair was officially canceled on Friday. It was supposed to be held Aug. 26 through Sept. 6, KMSP-TV reported.
19603253|https://www.foxnews.com/politics/birx-announces-dramatic-decline-in-coronavirus-deaths-hospitalizations-across-the-country|20200525_004358 - 1 day ago|Birx announces ‘dramatic decline’ in coronavirus cases across the states|Dr. Deborah Birx on Friday announced a “dramatic decline” in coronavirus deaths and hospitalizations across the country, particularly in the New York City metro area. "A dramatic decline across the states" has also been seen in the positivity rate, as testing capabilities are expanded, said Birx, the White House coronavirus response coordinator, during a briefing with reporters. Birx called out three metro areas where the positivity rate has either stalled or increased: Washington, D.C., Baltimore and Minneapolis. She said D.C. has the "number one" highest positivity rate of any metro area in the country, adding that "went through their logarithmic phase and are now at a high plateau with an unchanging number of cases day over day." Speaking about opening churches after Trump announced houses of worship would be considered “essential,” Birx called on people who have comorbidities in areas with high COVID-19 cases to “wait a week.” TRUMP ANNOUNCES THAT HOUSE OF WORSHIP ARE 'ESSENTIAL,' CALLS ON GOVERNORS TO OPEN THEM UP "Certainly, people that have significant co-morbidities, we want them protected. I know those houses of worship want to protect them,” said Birx. “Maybe they can't go this week if there's a high number of COVID cases. Maybe they wait another week." With regards to testing, Birx said that every state had met the 2 percent threshold to begin reopening as laid out in the White House guidelines. “We wanted every state to test at least 2 percent of their population during May,” Birx said. “You can see 100 percent of the states now are over 2 percent of their population. ... Many of the states now are over 4 percent.” Birx also encouraged people to go outside this weekend for Memorial Day, but urged them to maintain 6 feet of social distancing. She said it was acceptable to even "consider sharing social distance space" with those outside the home, with the right precautions. CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP "Understand you can go out, you can be outside, you can play golf, you can go to beaches, if you stay six feet apart," Birx said.
31675637|https://www.foxnews.com/auto/new-york-auto-show-canceled-covid-19-hospital|20200525_004405 - 1 day ago|2020 New York Auto Show canceled because convention center is still a COVID-19 hospital|Get all the latest news on coronavirus and more delivered daily to your inbox. Sign up here. The 2020 New York International Auto Show has been canceled for the year because the Jacob K. Javitz Convention Center it takes place in is still set up as temporary field hospital meant to house COVID-19 patients, although it is currently not in use. The facility treated more than 1,000 patients during April, but the last ones were discharged in early May. Equipment was left in place, however, in case a second wave of the coronavirus hits the city and overwhelms hospitals. The show was already postponed from April to August due to the crisis, but organizers said the uncertainty of the hospital’s future has made the huge event untenable this year due to the amount of planning involved by the automakers, dealers and other exhibitors that take part. “As representatives of automobile retailers, we know when this crisis passes there will be enormous pent-up demand for new vehicles in this region and across the country. We also know how important the show is for consumers navigating the process,” Mark Schienberg, president of the Greater New York Automobile Dealer’s Association, said in a news release. CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP Next year’s show is currently scheduled to open to the press on March 31, 2021, ahead of its traditional 10-day run public run through Easter week. This summer's planned North American International Auto Show was also canceled after Detroit's TCF Center was also chosen as the site of a temporary medical facility.
1439489|https://www.foxnews.com/travel/universal-orlando-resort-date-reopening-temperature-screenings-face-masks-hand-sanitizer|20200525_004413 - 1 day ago|Universal Orlando Resort sets reopening date; guests to be screened for temperature, required to use sanitizer|Get all the latest news on coronavirus and more delivered daily to your inbox. Sign up here. Universal Orlando Resort is gearing up to reopen. After reportedly receiving the go-ahead from a Florida task force earlier this week, Universal Orlando Resort has confirmed that Universal Studios Florida, Islands of Adventure and Volcano Bay will reopen to the public on June 5, albeit with several new health and safety guidelines. DISNEYLAND HINTS AT 'MODIFIED' EXPERIENCE WHEN PARK FINALLY REOPENS “This carefully-managed reopening comes with stringent new health, safety and hygiene procedures in place,” reads a message posted to Universal Orlando Resort’s website. “So, as we enjoy our parks together again, everyone will need to follow CDC [Centers for Disease Control and Prevention] guidelines and the recommendations of health officials, and Universal Orlando’s policies.” The resort also included a disclaimer about the “inherent risk” of exposure to COVID-19, adding that Universal “cannot guarantee that you will not be exposed during your visit.” CLICK HERE TO SIGN UP FOR OUR LIFESTYLE NEWSLETTER In an effort to avoid such incidents, however, Universal Orlando Resort has outlined several of the enhanced health and safety measures that will be in place upon reopening. Among them, guests will be required to undergo temperature screenings upon entry (anyone with a temperature of over 100.4 degrees will not be admitted) and wear facial coverings while inside the parks. Guests will also be encouraged to observe proper social-distancing protocol and heed floor markings indicating where to stand, when present. Frequent handwashing is also urged, and the use of hand sanitizer before boarding ride vehicles is “required.” FOLLOW US ON FACEBOOK FOR MORE FOX LIFESTYLE NEWS In addition, the park will operate at a limited capacity to start, likely at 50 percent capacity, as previously recommended by the Orange County Economic Task Force. The parks' hours have been modified, with Universal Studios Florida and Islands of Adventure open only from 9 a.m to 6 p.m. and Volcano Bay open only from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Universal's CityWalk attraction is open from 8 a.m. to 10 p.m. daily. “Please note the CDC advises that older adults and people of any age who have serious underlying medical conditions might be at higher risk for severe illness from COVID-19,” Universal added. “Guests should evaluate their risk in determining whether to attend.” CLICK HERE FOR FOX NEWS' CONTINUING CORONAVIRUS COVERAGE Universal Orlando Resort, along with Universal Hollywood Studios, had originally closed its doors in mid-March in an effort to help curb the spread of the coronavirus. Earlier this week, representatives for Universal Orlando Resort met with the Orange County Economic Recovery Task Force to submit plans for reopening. The task force unanimously voted to approve the park’s plans, Fox 35 reported, although Orange County Mayor Jerry Dennings and Florida Gov. Ron DeSantis reportedly needed to review the proposal before giving the go-ahead.
18570543|https://www.foxnews.com/politics/trump-announces-that-houses-of-worship-are-essential-calls-on-governors-to-open-them-up|20200525_004420 - 1 day ago|Trump announces that houses of worship are ‘essential,’ calls on governors to open them up|Get all the latest news on coronavirus and more delivered daily to your inbox. Sign up here. President Trump on Friday announced that new Centers for Disease Control guidance will classify houses of worship as “essential,” as he called on governors to allow them to open “right now” after being closed during the coronavirus lockdowns. Trump announced the policy for churches, synagogues and mosques, during a short briefing at the White House. BALTIMORE PASTOR RIPS UP CEASE-AND-DESIST LETTER MID-SERMON: 'WE'RE GONNA DO IT GOD'S WAY!' "The governors need to do the right thing and allow these very important essential places of faith to open right now--for this weekend," Trump said. "If they don't do it, I will override the governors." "In America, we need more prayer not less," Trump added. It's unclear under what authority Trump has to override governors. But Trump took issue with certain businesses being open, while churches are not. Attorney General William Barr already warned last month that coronavirus restrictions by state and local government should be applied evenly and not single out religious organizations. "Some governors have deemed the liquor stores and abortion clinics as essential," Trump said. "But have left out churches and other houses of worship. It's not right. So I'm correcting this injustice and calling houses of worship essential." The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention released interim guidelines Friday for communities of faith that acknowledge "millions of Americans embrace worship as an essential part of life" but also warn that "gatherings present a risk for increasing the spread of COVID-19." The guidelines encourage the use of cloth face coverings during services, limiting the size of gatherings, social distancing during services and suspending or decreasing choirs and singing in church since "singing may contribute to transmission of COVID-19, possibly through emission of aerosols," the CDC says. Last week the CDC released new guidelines that schools, businesses and other organizations can use as states reopen from coronavirus shutdowns. The document, however, excluded guidance for churches and faith-based groups because the White House raised concerns about the recommended restrictions, the Associated Press reported. Cities across the country have been taking their cues from their governors on when and how to reopen. New York Gov. Cuomo's executive order still remains in effect in hard-hit New York City, officials said Friday. "Houses of worship never closed in New York City, but have been under reasonable capacity requirements that prohibit large gatherings," said Olivia Lapeyrolerie, Mayor Bill de Blasio's deputy press secretary. "We will continue to work closely with faith leaders to ensure people can safely worship during these stressful times, but will not take any steps that could jeopardize New Yorkers' health." The White House's Friday announcement comes after Trump has been hearing an earful from faith leaders who are unable to hold services due to coronavirus restrictions at a time when their parishioners are grappling with the crisis. Families may be grieving the loss of loved ones from the virus or struggling with job losses but unable to seek respite in their places of worship. PASTOR URGING NATIONWIDE REOPEN TO PREACH AT CHURCH MET WITH CHICAGO 'THUGGERY' On Thursday, Trump had a conference call with 1,600 pastors and faith leaders from around the country, including Tony Perkins, president of the Family Research Council. He reassured them he wants to get churches reopened. The evangelical Christian community was instrumental in supporting Trump during his 2016 White House bid and he's maintained strong ties with Christian leaders throughout his presidency. CHICAGO FINES CHURCHES FOR HOLDING SERVICES IN VIOLATION OF STATEWIDE LOCKDOWN ORDER Trump telegraphed the decision a day earlier when he announced he spoke to the CDC on finding ways to reopen houses of worship during the pandemic. "We've got to get our churches open," Trump said Thursday. Churches across the country had to close down due to stay-home orders necessary to stop the spread of the contagious virus. Faith leaders set up online services and families tuned in Sunday mornings from their computers at home. CLICK HERE FOR FULL CORONAVIRUS COVERAGE Earlier in the pandemic, Trump expressed optimism that churches would be opened by Easter Sunday, April 12. But April turned out to be an extremely deadly month for the pandemic, and parishioners had to celebrate Easter from home. MISSISSIPPI CITY'S CORONAVIRUS SHUTDOWN BANS DRIVE-IN CHURCH SERVICES AHEAD OF EASTER Some faith leaders have argued that social distancing rules have violated First Amendment religious freedoms. Others have defied state and local rules and tried to reopen. "The discrimination that has been occurring against churches and houses of worship has been shocking," said Kelly Shackelford, president of the First Liberty Institute, a legal organization dedicated to defending religious freedom. “We applaud the President’s strong stance today demanding that these attacks must stop and that churches and houses of worship be freed to safely open. Americans are going to malls and restaurants. They need to be able to go to their houses of worship.” But other faith leaders warned that congregating is too dangerous right now. “The President is wrong, plain and simple," said Rabbi Jack Moline, president of Interfaith Alliance. "...The virus does not discriminate between types of gatherings, and neither should the president ... It is completely irresponsible for the president to command a mass reopening of houses of worship. The illness and death that afflicts religious communities who follow the president's dictates will be his responsibility.” MORE THAN 1,200 CALIFORNIA PASTORS VOW TO HOLD SERVICES IN DEFIANCE OF STATE ORDER Earlier this week, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention released a report that showed just how quickly the virus can spread at church. The study showed that two symptomatic people who later tested positive for COVID-19 attended church events in rural Arkansas back in early March. At least 35 of 92 attendees at the events contracted the virus and three of them died. Twenty-six other people in the community with links to the church have also contracted the virus, with one person dying "We stayed home so the virus quieted down and stopped spreading widely where it was spreading widely, but it's still out there," former CDC director Tom Frieden told Fox News Wednesday. "So anytime you have a lot of people together in an indoor space and one of them is infectious, you can have a lot of cases." Fox News' Victor Garcia and Samuel Chamberlain contributed to this report.
36242634|https://www.foxnews.com/media/barstools-dave-portnoy-blasts-dr-fauci-coronavirus-rant|20200525_004427 - 1 day ago|Barstool's Dave Portnoy blasts Dr. Fauci in new coronavirus rant: 'I'm beginning to think he's senile'|Barstool Sports founder Dave Portnoy, who was thrust into the national COVID-19 conversation when his thoughts on the pandemic went viral last week, blasted Dr. Anthony Fauci in another profanity-laced rant on Friday. “You see these quotes from my guy Fauci? He just said… he says if we stay locked in too long it can cause irreparable damage,” Portnoy said. “He thinks we should start opening the country. What the f--k are we talking about? This is my whole point.” Portnoy was referring to a CNBC interview in which Dr. Fauci said Friday that coronavirus lockdowns could cause “irreparable damage” if enforced for too long. WARNING: VIDEO CONTAINS PROFANITY BARSTOOL SPORTS' DAVE PORTNOY SAYS CORONAVIRUS HAS 'CLEARLY BEEN POLITICIZED' BY ANTI-TRUMP MEDIA “Fauci, I just did a rant that went viral, literally like last week, because you’re like, ‘If we open up the country everyone is gonna f-----g die,’ I’m paraphrasing but that’s like that he said,” Portnoy said. “Now... the wind blows, and he’s like ‘OK, no no we can’t stay in forever.’ What is it Fauci? Pick a f-----g side. Or at least say you don’t know what the f--k you’re talking about.” Last week, Portnoy's rant stressed that small business owners shouldn’t have to start over because of coronavirus-related shutdowns and guidelines. Portnoy said Friday his “whole point” is that nobody has any idea what they’re talking about when it comes to the coronavirus pandemic. “Wear a mask. Don’t wear a mask. Stay inside. Don’t stay inside,” Portnoy shouted. “If nobody knows anything, then what the f--k are we doing?” CLICK HERE FOR FULL CORONAVIRUS COVERAGE The Barstool founder -- who earlier this week told Fox News that coronavirus has been politicized by the media -- said Fauci is flip-flopping. "Nobody knows what the f--k’s going on,” Portnoy said. [Fauci] seems like a nice guy, I’m beginning to think he’s senile. You just said, in front of the Senate, if we open up too fast we’re gonna die. Now you said, if we don’t open up fast enough, people are gonna die. Pick a f-----g side, Fauci!”
66666649|https://www.foxnews.com/health/amid-coronavirus-crisis-first-responder-begs-congress-for-support|20200525_004434 - 1 day ago|Amid coronavirus crisis, FDNY first responder begs Congress for support|Get all the latest news on coronavirus and more delivered daily to your inbox. Sign up here. An FDNY EMT on Thursday shared her experience on the front lines with Congress in a plea for hazard pay and adequate personal protective equipment (PPE) against coronavirus, according to reports. Diana Wilson elaborated on the exhaustion shared among first responders via video to the House coronavirus committee, according to a report from the New York Post. She said the government’s unpreparedness for the pandemic in insufficient planning and protective gear likens to health perils responders experienced during 9/11. CLICK HERE FOR FULL CORONAVIRUS COVERAGE “Let us remember how EMTs and paramedics during 9/11 affected our department,” she said. “Remember how members were being told that the air quality was safe, and still experiencing staff dying to this very day? Fast-forward to today, responding first to this virus: When does EMS [emergency medical services] get the PPE we need to protect ourselves and save lives? When does EMS get the pay they deserve for being first medical responders?” Wilson also noted an increase in calls for cardiac arrests, and despite responders’ best efforts, patients are found dead in their homes and cars. HYDROXYCHLOROQUINE, CHLOROQUINE LINKED TO INCREASED RISK OF DEATH IN HOSPITALIZED CORONAVIRUS PATIENTS, STUDY FINDS “The government failed us by not protecting first responders by providing us with a plan and PPE. We are haunted by our choices, and the patients we do not save,” Wilson said, according to the outlet. “There were other countries who had strategies to respond to this type of scenario, and we were grossly unprepared.” Wilson reportedly lost her husband last year and hasn’t seen her two children in weeks for their own protection while she works long shifts. While responders trained for Ebola and continue to train for active shootings, Wilson said “we failed on a plan or training for this pandemic at any scale.”
43942456|https://www.foxnews.com/health/texas-woman-gets-kidney-after-coronavirus-delays-lifesaving-transplant|20200525_004441 - 1 day ago|Texas woman gets kidney after coronavirus delays lifesaving transplant: 'I was hanging on by a thread'|Get all the latest news on coronavirus and more delivered daily to your inbox. Sign up here. A Texas man has donated a kidney to his wife in need, weeks after the transplant was delayed due to the ongoing coronavirus epidemic in the U.S. that temporarily halted elective surgeries in the Lone Star State and elsewhere. Robert Garza recently donated a kidney to his wife of 20 years, Elsa, who says she was in stage 5 renal failure prior to the transplant. CLICK HERE FOR FULL CORONAVIRUS COVERAGE “My [glomerular filtration rate] numbers were dropping pretty dramatically,” Elsa told local news station KVUE. Glomerular filtration rates, or GFR, are used to measure how well the kidneys are functioning. “I was hanging on by a thread,” the mom of two added, noting she suffers from an autoimmune disorder that led to focal segmental glomerulosclerosis, or a disease that causes scar tissue to build on parts of the kidneys, ultimately prompting her need for a transplant. Initially, Robert had planned to donate his kidney in April to prevent his wife from requiring dialysis. But the transplant was ultimately postponed due to the outbreak of the novel coronavirus. Like other hospitals, the University Health System Transplant Center in San Antonio, where the surgery was scheduled, had stopped allowing surgeries for patients “who were stable and had a living donor,” according to the news station. Texas Gov. Greg Abbott has since eased restrictions on elective surgeries in the state, allowing hospitals to resume them under certain guidelines. The transplant, which took place earlier this week, was reportedly a success; both Robert and Elsa — who told the news station they share a birthday — are in stable condition. She is expected to be discharged sometime next week. BABIES BORN TO MOMS WITH CORONAVIRUS SHOULD BE TESTED FOR COVID-19, CDC GUIDELINES SAY “To be a match was another page in the story, so I was like, 'Wow, we're a match in everything,'” Robert told KVUE. “It means a lot,” added Elsa of her husband's decision to donate. “I married my soulmate. It gives me an opportunity to enjoy the rest of my journey with my husband. He's given me a second chance of life.”
97607295|https://www.foxnews.com/lifestyle/couples-las-vegas-wedding-chapels|20200525_004449 - 1 day ago|Couples are heading for Las Vegas chapels after bigger wedding plans are dashed|The bride wore a white beaded dress and a white cloth face mask that said “Mrs.” in curly black letters. Her new husband, dressed in black, wore one that said “Mr.” Vaughan Chambers and Alicia Funk put the face coverings on shortly after they exchanged vows and kissed in front of a neon-lit sign in a Las Vegas wedding chapel and posed for photos with an Elvis impersonator who officiated at their wedding. OHIO TO SOON ALLOW WEDDING RECEPTIONS OF UP TO 300 PEOPLE The Chicago couple had put their wedding plans on hold in March because of the coronavirus. But when they realized it would be a long time until they could gather friends and family for a celebration, they decided to go ahead. In early May, they invited a handful of close friends who live near Las Vegas — the self-proclaimed “Wedding Capital of the World” — and bought cheeky face masks for the nuptials. “It’s really nice to have something good in the middle of all of this bad," Funk said. CLICK HERE TO SIGN UP FOR OUR LIFESTYLE NEWSLETTER For couples getting married in Sin City’s famous chapels, the vows they make to love each other “in sickness and in health” take on fresh meaning in the time of the coronavirus. Brides and grooms sanitize their hands and get their temperature checked before walking down the aisle. Guests are rare and typically don face masks. And drive-thru weddings are more popular than ever. The few guests who can attend ceremonies keep their distance. Other loved ones who can’t attend sometimes watch via videoconferencing. Funk and Chambers are among more than 1,500 couples who have been issued marriage licenses in Las Vegas since the county clerk’s office reopened on April 27 after closing for nearly six weeks to slow the spread of the virus. “We’re seeing a lot of the kind of traditional, old school elopements with just the couple,” said Melody Williams, executive director of chapel operator Vegas Weddings. “They’ll get back to their big to-do at a later time.” FOLLOW US ON FACEBOOK FOR MORE FOX LIFESTYLE NEWS With new safety protocols calling for masks and social distancing at weddings, the clerk's office is issuing about 72 licenses a day — well below the 200 typically issued before the COVID-19 outbreak. Many of those newlyweds prefer drive-thru ceremonies — a speedier service that some chapels were offering long before the coronavirus emerged and businesses began moving transactions outside to keep customers safe in their cars. Williams said her 15-minute drive-thru service is the easiest option for couples that want to marry quickly. "It’s contactless,” she said. “We still try to make it a nice, elegant ceremony as best we can.” Couples can work in personalized vows or a scripture reading and get a video recording of the service, and chapel staff hand out a long-stemmed rose to the bride. CLICK HERE FOR FOX NEWS' CONTINUING CORONAVIRUS COVERAGE Many couples have been scrambling to find rental gowns or tuxedos because the clothes they initially planned to wear may have been stuck in transit or at a shuttered alterations shop. That's what happened to Jennifer Escobar and Luz Sigman of San Francisco, who decided to pick replacement wedding outfits from their closets. They initially planned to marry on May 8 — a date they had engraved on their wedding bands and hoped to keep. But when they couldn't find a county clerk's office closer to the Bay Area that would issue a wedding license, they decided to make the 11-hour drive to Las Vegas. Escobar’s sister and niece who live in Las Vegas joined them for the ceremony, wearing face masks as they watched the special moment. “Everything got canceled but at least we still got to do this,” Escobar said. Escobar said she and her new wife hope to have a reception in October with more family and friends. They're considering making it a masquerade party. “People could still wear masks,” she joked.
29928385|https://www.foxnews.com/media/ben-carson-pushes-back-cuomo-defense-nursing-home|20200525_004455 - 1 day ago|Dr. Ben Carson pushes back on NY Gov. Cuomo's 'ridiculous' defense of nursing home order|Get all the latest news on coronavirus and more delivered daily to your inbox. Sign up here. New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo's directive to send recovering COVID-19 patients to already-vulnerable nursing homes was "clearly a mistake" to be learned from, U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) Secretary Dr. Ben Carson said Friday. CLICK HERE FOR COMPLETE CORONAVIRUS COVERAGE In an interview on "America's Newsroom" with host Sandra Smith, Carson said that whether or not there were appropriate guidelines in place by the state can be disputed "all day and all night," but using logic could have saved lives. "Obviously we don't want to take people who have an infectious disease and concentrate them in a place that isn’t prepared to receive them," he said. A new report released Friday by The Associated Press revealed that more than 4,300 recovering coronavirus patients had been sent to New York's nursing homes under the March health order. While Cuomo has since amended this policy -- and, more recently, ordered that all nursing home staff be testing for the virus biweekly -- the death toll in homes and long-term care facilities has exceeded 5,000 people. On Wednesday, Cuomo brushed off calls for the Justice Department (DOJ) to open an investigation into the massive number of deaths during the pandemic, shifting the blame toward guidelines from the Trump administration and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC). Cuomo, a Democrat, has also announced he is conducting his own inquiry under the leadership of State Attorney General Letitia James, also a Democrat. “This is a political season, I get it,” he said. “I’m not going to get into the political back-and-forth, but anyone who wants to ask why did the state do that with COVID patients in nursing homes, it’s because the state followed President Trump’s CDC guidance.” Cuomo added: “They should ask President Trump. I think that will stop the conversation.” "Of course you're not supposed to discriminate against anybody. All the federal guidelines say that about everything. That's a ridiculous argument," Carson responded. "Obviously, you want to accept people if you have provisions and have taken the appropriate safeguards, but you just don’t say, ‘Okay, let's bring somebody with tuberculosis in here because we are not supposed to discriminate against them’ without having prepared for that." "That makes absolutely no sense whatsoever to a Republican, a Democrat or anybody with a brain," he added. Smith asked the secretary whether or not he thought there is a need for a federal probe into the nursing home deaths in the state. CLICK HERE FOR THE FOX NEWS APP "Well, it would be good to make sure that we know what the weaknesses were so that we could correct them," Carson told Smith. "I'm not sure that it would be useful to put people in jail and to compound a tragedy that has already occurred." Fox News’ Marisa Schultz, Andrew O'Reilly, and Gregg Re contributed to this report.
60815052|https://www.foxnews.com/world/meth-found-hidden-in-coronavirus-mask-and-sanitizer-packages-in-australian|20200525_004501 - 1 day ago|Meth found hidden in coronavirus mask and sanitizer packages in Australia|Get all the latest news on coronavirus and more delivered daily to your inbox. Sign up here. Canadian drug smugglers used the coronavirus pandemic to smuggle methamphetamine in shipments of medical face masks and large bottles of hand sanitizer. The meth was found in two boxes during inspections at a mail sorting facility in Sydney, Australia. HUGE HAUL OF METH, METHYL FENTANYL AND HEROIN SEIZED IN MYANMAR, IN ASIA'S LARGEST EVER DRUG BUST Officers opened the COVID-19 care packages from Canada and found boxes of face masks and bottles of hand sanitizer, the Australian Border Force said Friday. The boxes had a false bottom containing a black vacuum-sealed bag containing the meth. Two kilos of the illicit substance were seized. CLICK HERE FOR MORE CORONAVIRUS COVERAGE “We know criminals will go to any length to smuggle drugs into the country, so it’s no surprise they’re trying to use in-demand items such as masks and hand sanitizer to hide them in,” ABF Superintendent John Fleming said. CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP “Criminals should know our efforts to secure our border have not stopped because of COVID-19. Sea containers are still being examined and items being sent through the mail centre or air cargo are still being screened. We are continuing to detect and stop illicit substances coming into Australia, no matter how they’re being concealed."
25338425|https://www.foxnews.com/politics/ron-desantis-florida-covid-dem-states|20200525_004509 - 1 day ago|Gov. DeSantis touts Florida's coronavirus numbers over Democrat-led states that took 'draconian' measures|Get all the latest news on coronavirus and more delivered daily to your inbox. Sign up here. Florida Gov. Ron DeSantis criticized states like Michigan and Illinois on Friday, arguing that they imposed "draconian" coronavirus restrictions only to see worse numbers than his own state. "There are some states that did draconian policies and you see them, and they have spikes," DeSantis, a Republican, said during a press conference in Jacksonville, calling out Democrat-run states. "They have massive spikes in places like Illinois, I mean Michigan has had a lot of problems -- Michigan is half of Florida's size," he said. "They've got, like 5,000-plus fatalities. We have about [2,100,] 2,200 fatalities and we're twice their size." Continuing, he said: "Illinois -- major spikes and they have as stringent policies as you can, so I think that a more moderate approach is more effective with the virus, but I also think it’s more effective at getting people back to work and getting the society functioning again." DeSantis also took aim at New Jersey, a coronavirus hot spot, for placing COVID-19 patients in nursing homes. DEROY MURDOCK: STARK DIFFERENCE BETWEEN CUOMO AND DESANTIS' HANDLING OF NURSING HOMES DURING CORONAVIRUS PANDEMIC "Do you do a New York, New Jersey, Michigan, Pennsylvania approach -- which is take a COVID-positive patient out of the hospital and force them back into the nursing home, or do you do what Florida did and said, actually, you cannot return a COVID-positive patient back to the nursing home," DeSantis said. "And the difference is -- when you send the COVID-positive patient back to the nursing home, it spreads in the nursing home to the most vulnerable people in our society -- massive infections, obviously huge numbers of fatalities," he said. According to a recent Associated Press tally, more than 4,300 recovering coronavirus patients were sent to New York’s already vulnerable nursing homes under a controversial state directive that was ultimately scrapped amid criticisms it was accelerating the nation’s deadliest outbreaks. Michigan Gov. Gretchen Whitmer similarly lifted requirements that nursing homes establish special coronavirus units and admit from the hospital patients who were recovering from COVID-19, giving the facilities more flexibility to decide if they can safely isolate people. The new order, issued late Wednesday, came after the Democrat governor had faced questions from lawmakers in both parties who expressed concerns that non-infected residents were being put at risk. DeSantis has faced pushback from Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer, D-N.Y., who suggested that the Florida governor was "premature" in touting his state's numbers. CLICK HERE FOR COMPLETE CORONAVIRUS COVERAGE "Most of the experts say if this is going to come back because we moved too soon, it will take several months before that happens -- July, August, September, October. And to compare New York and Florida is sort of like apples and oranges," he told "The View" on Thursday. "We were the hot spot. We had more coronavirus cases than anybody else, and so I think you’ve got to be careful, and you’ve got to listen to the scientists. I don’t think name-calling of anybody is appropriate, but I do think, you know, getting out there and bragging that everything is fine is premature at best and could be dangerous if the disease comes back, and no one knows. We have had no experience with this virus in the past." The Associated Press contributed to this report.
